New and new technology has been introduced to society .
One possible outcome is that an environmentally-induced reduction in motorization levels in the richer countries will outweigh any rise in motorization levels in the poorer countries .
Every person needs to know a bit about math , sciences , arts , literature and history in order to stand out in society .
While the travel company will most likely show them some interesting sites in order for their customers to advertise their company to their family and friends , it is highly unlikely that the company will tell them about the sites that were not included in the tour -- for example , due to entrance fees that would make the total package price overly expensive .
The disadvantage is parking their car is very difficult .
Bigger farming uses more chemical products and substances to feed fish .
For example , my cousin is 12 years old .
If it does , you will only get some misundrestood idea about that acticle but not the original one .
Secondly , chimp can also present the capability for grammer , which means it can demonstrate the ability to combine words and be able to use grammatical constructions .
Nevertheless , this city is having a big change .
I think learning facts is only evidence if the students can work hard and if they are able to keep every detailled information as taught , but it 's definitely not evidence of their intelligence .
Unfortunately , almost older people can not use the internet , in spite of the benefits of the internet .
So , if I have a lot of information about this subject , I will talk too much with knowledge , but if I have general information about this subject , I will talk about this subject with my limited knowledge and this case may make me ashamed , like when my brother asked me about something but I did n't have a lot of information about it .
becuse if I see some one did something to save me time and energy and it works , I will do it .
The government should think about the whole nature .
They will not be able to compete with other similar brands and the product will fizzle out or die .
People are now opening their eyes to the scenario when we run out of fuel .
For me , it was great because I need to talk on the phone locally and nationally for long periods of time .
They only care if the effects are good and popular among the crowds .
That is why calculated risks , as one could call them , are the predecessors of big success , because they get people 's attention by giving people new options .
He said in other words that more flouride may create damage to the human body , specifically the bone .
When these people create their new ideas , others often look very strange at them .
You will learn to socialize with people .
No other transportation concept has been as successful as the car , not only because of the Google street and highway system throughout the United States and Europe , but only because of the fact that people love their cars .
If they prefer to choose cars than motorbikes , that means there will be many cars .
That 's why he is a legend these days and people repect him .
For example , in math club , teachers usually teach us how to solve a math problem using various ways .
On the other hand , when I was a freshman in college , I could concentrate on my favorite subjects .
I have an IBM computer and my laptop is DELL .
Air in China is not so clean because of cars .
When the price of gas goes up , the consumer does not want to buy gas for fuel .
Although learning more subjects gives us a huge amount of knowledge , which makes me successful in my studies .
When you `re making a tour guide trip , you already have everything settled from the time you 're departing to the time you arrive .
On the other hand , although in Turkey public transportation is getting developed , especially in the two big cities , Ankara and Istanbul , it is still nothing compared to Sweden .
This rebuffs the reading passage 's claim that there is no improvement .
As they are involved with study , they do n't get enough time to look after their community .
However , I strongly maintain that traveling on their own gives a lot of advantages .
The even ask themselves how this kind of thing did n't cross their mind .
People tend to choose other media , and that is why litter is in danger .
I cast doubt that twenty years is too short a time to prove the problem .
So , for these reasons , I really believe that it 's important to have a broad knowledge of different subjects , instead of being focused on just one , because sometimes the answer that we are searching for , we can easily find it in a field that can seem not related to our purpose .
I am pleased to know intelligent people and learn about things which I do n't know .
To resolve this problem , the governments of the cities are likely to improve the public transportation system by building new subway systems and adding more lines for buses .
I know lots of old people who go to parties , and stay always in contact with other people .
But these things seem to be too hard for old people . They move so hardly , and do n't have a healthy body to play these things like sports .
For example , if you understand the idea that all diseases , caused by microorganisms , are treated with antibiotics , you will never use antibiotics .
I liked that , but after that it gradually started getting boring and finally I did n't have interest in all the stuff .
In her salary we ca n't buy a car because we are planing to finish our studies in Binangonan , Rizal and we are planning to finish my studies in Boston .
Therefore , information technology and advanced technology have increased so much .
Even more relevant to the seduction of advertisement is the fact that quite frequently those images of perfection placed in front of our eyes are just mirages and illusions , bodies touched up by computer programs and therefore , they do not resemble reality at all .
As the professor used the details and examples to strengthen the position of reading passage , which I , in the following paragraphs , would like to provide the evidence to present the whole view .
In the advertisement that he shows in the media , newspapers , magazines , and public spaces , he clearly says that the product is made with products of high quality in technology .
We have a lot of paper we have to write .
A person with broad knowledge will help him to renovate .
The development of biomechanics has made this possible .
This inadequate amount of fuel forces us to use less cars .
One of these important elements is the internet .
You can only be successful by learning new stuff and trying it too , by having an open and creative mind .
Firstly , striped bass consume a large quantity of menhaden . Secondly , this fish is also a source of protein for farm animals , and the fishing industry gives work to some people in Virginia .
They were driven into settlements in other domains .
The time line about this danger , which I have already given in the above discussion , is so predictable that one can even make calculations about it if one has both the population and existing fuel count .
I think people should travel by making decisions by themselves for several reasons .
Indeed , they threaten a lot of freshwater fish species because they need to eat and to find different kinds of food in the oceans .
For example , if the city says that 8am~9 am is the busiest time , then workers would argue that they drive a bit later .
Educators should provide opportunities for them to learn enough knowledge to survive the real world .
For example , when I am studying for tests or doing my homework , my grandparents can go out and do what they enjoy .
Traditional enclopedias are written by trained experts for academic rigor that can not really be achieved .
By the time everyone had gathered up in a certain place ,
Otherwise , twenty years down the lane , every major city would end up being a pile of metal junkyard , with no place to move around .
And what are those risks ?
In contrast , the speaker casts doubt on the conclusion .
In this movie , the father is handicapped .
For example , in this generation , people watch movies and listen to music more than read books and novels .
In malysia , there are a lot of cars .
So they are free to do all sorts of things , even if they are considered as dangerous or irrisponsble , such as bungee-jumping .
I think most people will like that in a busy world , but I don ` t think it will happen in the next twenty years .
Every one would expect to leave his owns and secret dreams like to be a painter , a writer ...
I ANSWERED THE QUESTION AND I GOT GOOD IMPRESSION FROM BOTH LECTURER AND FRIENDS .
While , according to the listening passage , it seems fair for people to increase the tax price because they will be able to save money for other taxes they pay .
Home work will help you to manage your time . If not , you might be using those time for some other purposes .
I mean our home country because we can speak Japanese and can use Japanese .
New kinds of vehicles will be invented with new technology than today .
This would definitely have required him to take out an immense amount of time from his work and he stands as a perfect example to whom the youngsters of today can relate .
They follow the way the Sun goes from the east to the west .
it 's the time to take a rest looking back on your present .
I thought it was kind of ridiculous , but we had to do as the tour guide said .
So , if Japan had such common sense a long time ago , even after twenty years for sure , people will aim to own a car and still ride a car to show people that they are `` rich `` .
An example that would make this categorization problematic is an architect .
The incoming generation will not ride two - wheelers .
And also , the markting can do some adjusting about the changing .
This is supported by national and international policy which presents attractively the advantages of going abroad , having self-experiences in other countries and cultures , learning foreign-languages while staying in a country where this language is spoken , and so on .
Even if we fail , we have to try to get new things .
He explained that the methane which is derived is a non biological process .
I put into this group of people everyone who has achieved that success with his own work . I mean people who work very hard and try , for example , to develop new kinds of work , of technologies or someone who tries to do his work in another way to arrive at the goal that he wants easily .
Confidence comes naturally since perfection is its along .
The reason is to pay for them and teach them more than other institutes .
I totally agree that the youth today are not sparing sufficient time helping their communities .
Nowadays , society is changing drasticly .
Moreover , through text books , students are more engaged .
On the other hand , a chef that tries new tastes will be recognized and he or she will gain a place in the cooking world .
Also , I think we will thank these animals for everything that they have done for us no matter what .
When I grew up , I started to understand that what he said was quite right .
Another one is a gambler , which means that people always try new things and take risks .
Last month , I needed to buy a digtal-camera .
In the world , oil prices are very high right now .
The cause of the Tunguska explosion was an asteroid .
After we know and learn the facts , it will be easier for us to understand ideas and concepts .
They did not get the ideas or any concepts about what they learn .
And in the end , if you take a risk and you succeed in that , you surely will become a successful person with all the merits , and maybe also the awards , you merit .
In my essay I want to focus on : how important it is for students to learn facts .
I naturally get to know things that I do n't really want to know .
Let 's say your interest lies in paintings .
However , what makes a student excellent is to both understand the concept and learn the facts .
listening to the students , the ideas have many advantages :
Do I want to risk my 2 years savings for a trip to Spain or do I want to use my kids ' college fund to start up my business ?
So even the government is expecting an increase in the use of four wheelers .
and you can have the chance to make a person to help you .
He or she would not be able to discuss scientific problems just because he does not know them .
For example , when I went to Bangkok , Thailand a few years ago , I experienced being a stranger downtown .
I have specific reasons for this .
Actually , it might not be true .
We still have to burn down forest to make land for farming and the result is birds will lose more of their habitat .
By the same token , people will learn many different intellages by doing so many things but they just learn its appeal and not get any critical information and wisdom from it .
On the other hand , if you specialize in one specific subject such as physics , you will never help him .
This is how we can hit the job market very early and proof that we are capable of doing our job in a better manner .
To judge a person 's contribution in terms of time would be specious .
New experiences to some people is the same as new experiences for others and the challenger is movement , the reason why some people continue living .
our society will be a lovely society . If the drama can come true , I think we must learn more knowledge .
For example , when you read your school 's book for the first time you will not understand anything , but when you read it a second time you understand it .
This is the government rule that they have compulsory attand this seminar .
They might put it on the label , but they do n't say it in TV advertising .
For example , many scientists and engineers are studying cars that make no more tough sounds , and smoke .
Without empirical experience , I think , the learner tends to forget all the information he or she has learned throughout his or her learning process in the long term .
First , disking can be an alternative to prescribed burning .
By just knowing the culture of a different country that we are living in and not born in , we wo n't be able to live .
Somebody who does n't give and just takes can not live within communities .
The court coats are very high and many number of discounted tickets are seen .
And what is more effective than loads of people working towards the same aim ?
If we have this quality , then no one can beat us .
If you have 30 , typically an effective response will contain a minimum you will be satisfied with culture expienrence and and fit your test .
But I only use this software to win a lot of prizes , some of them have an important influence in my country .
If the sharp can not catch your mind , how can they sell the products to customers ?
The cutting down of dead trees is called salvage logging .
That 's why centralized , attributes , and busines owner reducing thir buses is not a response to the rise of factories .
Second , birds navigate by landmarks like rivers , coastlines , and moutains .
A tour guide is generally a person who knows a great deal about the country , its most beautiful places , most visited ones , and so on .
They have to contact a variety of fields to find out what their interests are .
Unfortunately , in most countries , the functioning of public transport is not perfecty organised .
If you think of the consumption of them , fishes have less fat and a lot of nutrients there .
The public transport in the city may not be able to cope with this huge amount of people .
Second , we learn many academic subjects , after that we learn specialize in one specific subject .
This does n't mean that because you take risks you are going to succeed .
One of the most important problems is accidents . For sure , everyday millions of people die because of drivers not being carefull . As a matter of fact , I do believe that there will be less cars in twenty years , but this will happen just for one reason : we will use something else .
The Internet offers a good opportunity for people that travel for work , for a student , for work .
Can you ever visualize what chaos our society would suffer if every individual considered himself/ herself an expert in every given field ?
In this sense , I would introduce the concepts of two aspects with a datailed analysis , and then it will come to the conclusion .
In my case , my younger brother needs more than academic knowledge .
Due to this , I feel that specialized students have more opportunities in the future .
Moreover , before oil and gas are gone , scientists will make new cars that run on electricity or by sun light .
However , I firmly believe that students have to learn broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I learned many kinds of subjects , and I also could make different types of friends .
On top of that , even if we are willing to spend the time to draft the travel plan , we have no idea which travel sites are must-see .
They need to have a global vision before deciding what they like , and the way of obtaining it is simply by studying a broad syllabus .
In order to understand these , and more importantly , to link these together , that wisdom will duly serve him .
We can use it .
Some people can encounter people we have no idea about .
When my grandmother was getting old , she could not move her body easily .
As a tour guide , the person has to be familiar with the place he or she is touring .
Three other customers have not started using the product because they dont have anything to hang it on .
And in places where there is no train , we can not help using cars .
You have to teach your child since he or she was born , they grow up .
If students have to study history , for example , it is often enough to just learn the facts , but on the other hand , studying physics or maths needs the understanding of the concepts .
For example , the subway in New York , bullet trains in Japan , underground tube trains in Singapore and sky trains in Bangkok travel at lightening speed .
First , young people have an active mind .
Obviously , the unreplaciable examination and less enemy can bring huge advances to fulfill the definition of success .
Young people nowadays do n't give enough time to helping their communities .
The commercial was definitely more impressive than the product itself .
And one of them was my friend who had serious problems with her health .
To this day , I still remember what we studied that day in class .
I had a good life in my country but everything I got from my patents .
But if the student is only learning things without knowing the concept , then not any company will give him an opportunity because he does not know the concept of its related branch , so by this way , it creates a problem in the future .
Third , the stone tower of the east coast is making unnatural shapes . This tower is unusual in Europe , so non - Europeans might have made this tower .
Secondly , it is an unfair action because it will affect low-income Americans .
The factories are increasing sulfur dioxide in the air every year .
It results in people being more mature , strong and calm in front of problems in life , because they understand the problems will go away and it depends on what kind of manner everybody looks at the face of the problem .
For example , work on a project , .
this place must change gerden .
However , there are people that think that when people have forty years , they are always older than other people .
It is worthy of note that not every body will succeed when taking a risk , but that is not enough to deter anybody who wishes to take one .
Apparently , I have got a Japanese friend in Japan . His name is Tomo .
When they do some work , they think they have to finish work on time .
As the gasoline tax is rising , it will help the vehicle companies to make more cars to sell to people .
Ignorance of striped bass will abbreviate our earning and it also has some astonishing effects on our health .
Maybe they have some disadvantages to humanity .
In the lecture , it was proven that zebra mussel is not really a serious threat .
I think it will be lost .
I expect humans can make new material to replace gas but it is very difficult .
Ideas and motives for the war are more important to know because from them one might draw some conclusions and it might change something inside the student .
Everything is possible which we can `t imagine .
Although there are some rules to protect young people , such as limiting the amount of aging in movies and previewing the bad aspects of programs before s , it is just made for little kids not young people like high school or university students .
However , the fact that they most of the time do not reflect the actual quality of a product decreases the reliability of the advertisements .
We seem to have a lot of problems with those even if we have more good materials than in the past .
We can be fatalist and say that with the development of the third world , the problem will worsen .
These things can make us more successful in life ; even though we must continue our work , we should take our chances to greater heights .
For the Greek philosopher Plato and Aristotle , the capacity to understand ideas and concepts , intelligence as the main ability of the human soul , is the part of ourselves that makes us the being we actually are .
In conclusion , understanding the concepts is more important than learning the facts , because it 's the ultimate way of learning the facts .
I basically feel that young people do enjoy their life more than older people do .
First , the ships not only helped them to spread but also killed them .
They might be bored of reading a complex passage .
But is it possible to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects without being specialized in one particular topic ?
So she decides to work in a Nursing Home because she wants to provide care for elderly people .
This demonstrates the undeniable fact that it is beneficial to have different experiences .
Therefore , they will be more deep thinking people and good for their future , so teachers should be required to take courses every five years .
In my case , I am working more than 200 hours a month , in order to get money required to pay back to a bank ( I borrowed some money for buying my house . ) .
because students must do homework .
it 's to make a good partner .
As a result , she could get a job that she badly wanted but she did n't expect because many people were flocking to this company .
Maybe , because of ecologistics , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , not for the citizens that everyday must go to the office .
At this stage , youth require the experience of older people to fight this depression .
In fact , this device was different from its competitor products .
Also , we do not have to care about other people . It means there is privacy between us and we can talk loudly or might be able to sing .
But I found out that the quality of the bat was very bad .
Some people only run to work or use the undertairn , but if you have a car , you can use your car to go to your work here .
The government is raising the tax on gasoline .
The professor also says that soy bean should be used as food for the fish .
He was successful aleady in his fields of living electric equipment , but , his began to become the dominant of electronics technology and was successful .
A good company hires goods buzzers . These buzzers do not lie to consumers , they use their words to let consumers know the goods are real , they do not praise the goods .
Travelling in a group , especially with a tour guide , helps us to make our trip more productive .
On the other hand , the reading passage states that using chemicals is clearly not such a good idea because it can develop parasitic infections in the human body .
When they went down to the forest , they then started a fire .
So both the lecture and the reading think that other arcaeologist monuments in the area are from the Kingdom period .
If I have one suggestion .
To be sure , we Japanese take part in destroying the environment because we consume most wood .
So I asked my student , what he thought about my lesson , and tried to find out where the problem was .
That means if I have a broad knowledge of politics , then I 'm aware of 'where to speak what ' .
He also tells facts concepts to the students .
That was a very beautiful dream in my mind at that time .
After majoring in any field of studies , a student can not adjust immediately to the practical world .
By contrast , the lecture claims that quality of discussion is the most important instead of the number of discussions .
Concepts of a subject give us the background of the main streams of a subject we are going to learn and study .
I will outline in the below paragraphs my arguments in favor of this statement .
This example proves that knowing the facts is less important compared to knowing the concepts related to it .
Einstien 's pioneering theory of relativity is proved by facts .
While I was there , someone tried to steal my bag and passport .
Second , the roads can not be damged because raising the tax will mean there will be much less cars .
Second , the scroll lists are huge gold , like 35 kilograms , so the price will be much bigger .
I dont have a car but I dream of having one .
Because the rest of the period , the way they work could be different .
This will definitely cause some problems .
Nowadays , each family member owns a car .
When you are able to understand ideas and concepts and with this are able to understand structures of thinking , this can help you a lot .
In America , a lot of families have more than one car , and furthermore , some of them have three or four .
Thus , I see more people opting for their own car in the near future .
So people who do not give enough time to helping their communities , they should repair this .
Otherwise , he/she may feel inadequate one day if he/she furthers his/her study .
Most of us will understand better when the ideas and the concepts of the war are shown and we can get very exited with it .
So what shall I do ?
I could not give much time to any of the sports so that I could be a great sportman .
For example , smoking . I know that smoking is bad .
This degree would enable me to branch out and look into other fields that involve some basic engineering .
When someone does a legal behavior , he has to be justified by law .
Therefore , I am going to tell you about this question through my experiences .
Lastly , for economic reasons , it is not beneficial because the cost of the equipment and staff required to control fires is very expensive .
then there was a chance to shift him to other parts of cricket .
First of all , he argued that Americans will not ignor the `` ecocertified `` as there are so many advertisements now .
The reasons and examples will be below this essay to support my opinion .
But actually , Secondly , it needs experience .
A student who chooses to study at university has to become well acquainted with different methods of expanding current ideas and concepts .
Therefore , the French revolution happened in middle age in Europe because of those reasons . ``
It is therefore important for the respective governments and international bodies to try and reduce the negative consequences of this trend .
It mentions the cane toad which threatens many local species in Australia .
This will help to create brotherhood realtionship .
By trial and error , I succeeded , which gave me a very good feeling about myself .
As we know that fish is taken as a meal , it is harmful for human beings to do fish farming .
Although understanding the concepts is important , sometimes facts are the only solution for them to learn .
And the principal of car companies like Toyota or Ford , they are successful because they know how to start their companies and make smart things .
Instead , they would help with the house or with farming .
but lecturer shows different angle of the systm ...
People will buy more cars and take advantage of this mode of transportation in the days ahead .
Secondly , we can save a lot of time . Second , the tour guide will be interduce the spot of enqui culture , then we can enjoy the whole trip , not only go over thereto a few times .
Understand how they work would give students a better lesson .
Second , Menzied points out that chinese ships in the 1400s used very distinctive anchors that were round stones with a hole in the middle .
Young people can work easily and can search for any information in a few minutes .
It can certainly be the case .
In a group trip , we are forced to the group time schedules .
Probably , by using my own car , this would have been much more difficult and stressful , if not impossible .
Help others and make us all live in a comfortable home .
There may be global warming because of a lack of cooling .
so , their parents will buy them .
They are busy with themselves , they dont spend time to help the society that they live in .
And it seems like that notion will be even strengthened by the emergence of new Chinese producers who are even cheaper .
I can remember that in an alecture I attended .
The third reason , is that it gives us the chance to make our brain work and think about how this happened .
Television makers just hung academic titles on their programs .
Even though everything is hard , when there is a life there is hope .
They have an espessial diet .
This is clearly seen in the way many young people organize the collection of funds or books to help others receive a proper education , and , also in the way many students go to schools for the blind to read out books to them and help them out .
They think what the celebrities say in the advertisement is true .
As a result , young people feel a less sense of competition for a place in universities .
However , Billgate has made people 's lives more comfortable than in the past .
Also , students , by paying more attention to understanding ideas and concepts , will not only comprehend the facts they are given , but also acquire the skill of understanding , which can be applied in all areas surrounding them .
If a person just knew the facts , he would never think about the possibilities .
Though , in fact , old people can enjoy some light sports entertainment , I think that is not as interesting as hard sports or something .
They do not want to regret their lives on earth .
It is better to have a very good understanding of the knowledge of many academic because it makes you broad and gives you chances and opportunities to work in different fields and environments .
For instance , YANG Zhenning , who is a famous scientist with great achievements and fame , has a high proficiency in literature while specifying scientific research in physics .
It is said that the zebra mussel from the bottom of the ship moved to the freshwather and devastated nature .
This implies that there can be instances where no such overstating takes place at all .
In my opinion , there are some reasons why it is true .
And availablity of jobs to the candidates having specific knowledge is less when compared to the all round performer ,
Becuase when you understand the whole idea you can imagine how the theory works .
It is not worth jumping into a pool without knowing how to swim since you may not be able to breath again .
The person who takes many subjects stands a better chance of getting a job .
So to solve those kinds of problems , they will have to use their understanding .
Another thing is that adverts always show and indicate prices in cities , allowing consumers to budget well in order to be able to buy them .
However , the successful person who achieved great accomplishment does not escape or give up easily in front of even impossible things regarded as impossible by people .
In other words , cars will not be of use in the future because of these types of transportation being developed and invented .
They come together for a ' LAN- party ' with the neighbour 's kids .
Also , the lecture mentioned that the stone placed between the Sphinx 's front paws was not placed there during the time of the old kingdom 's king , Khafre .
However , some young people do not give to helping their community .
I give some of my time to help other people because I think it 's very important .
For example , here is one student , who knows facts but does not know how to~ ?
They can travel more freely than older people do .
The first reason is that global warming did not connect with Anasazi disappearing .
Simply , we need to eat and buy clothes , make and raise a family .
This happens more when one is watching movies with the family .
Among the many skills required is the knowledge of more than two languages .
However , it is so rare to find old people in pubs or in gymnasiums in China .
Personally , I doubt that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today , based on my observations of falling vehicle prices , increasing population and stagnating rate of technological advance in the field of terrestrial transportation .
Finally , zebra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they become dominant .
I agree with that concept of taking the risk and going for the new field .
The size of the treasure written is too large .
So it is very strange that people were able to live without enough water for 50 years , and then move because they did n't have enough water .
If they are really interested in these courses , it 's all right .
Therefore , it is possible to believe that the explosion of Tunguska was the explosion of an asteroid .
In the passage , it is said that only endotherm animals can maintain their temperature in such cold climates .
Thinking of their old age , young people try to make a better society for everybody .
If someone does n't know , eating is very important for growthbon and brian or general health for the body . It is a fact , but idease eating is just useful .
Advertising can be used badly not only by corporations but also by governments , as for example , the Nazi regime .
He 's the one who can give the different specialities the possibility to shine .
But generally , moments of happiness in life can not really be compared because they are different .
Such people impressed other people through their strong well - being and devotion to duty .
Besides , smoke emitting from cars and the noise coming from the car engines damage the environment and the health of people .
The main reasons are as follows .
It has come to be one of the effective measures manufatures use in selling their products .
However , when I went to Canada by myself , I did many things that I wanted , so it was very exciting .
It is not an easy task for old people to see young people sort of spending their time on useless things , in their opinion .
Sometimes their teachers only teach about the facts , which are easier to memorize .
For example , if you visit the ruins in Rome , without a tour guide , you do n't realize the importance and the history behind these ruins .
So that they have to pay more attention to their health rather than to enjoy the arts .
Why do we like this ?
However , she was wrong .
To work hard means running a company .
If your answer is yes , that is good .
For example , if an old person doesn't hear properly , then young people , right from the day of their childhood , think of inventing something that can help the older people hear more properly .
Right from the age of 5-6 years , the children are busy with their curriculum .
However , I firmly believe that traveling with a guide is quite beneficial because of it 's possibility to travel many places in a short time and safety .
i have studied for just examination wayse studied .
We will feel confused and we wo n't see matters clearly .
Thus , I think when we understand ideas and concepts , they will have the main effects and influence because they combine with our opinions and beliefs .
Is it merely understanding the idea behind that concept ?
By doing exercise , students can learn how to proceed in a correct way and by making the wrong operation , they will be able to understand the concepts and wo n't make the same errors or mistakes in the future .
Adult content to send their children to school to contact these different kinds of classes .
What is the world and what are we supposed to do here ?
This prize is not enough to evaluate the student .
Secondly , the Earth 's ground was hot .
Therefore , they could not get information about their needs than now . We can find out what we want and get a lot of information about our interests .
That is not what merit-based payment is really about .
The Anglo version of Christianity became popular in northern Europe and still now many people believe in its doctrines .
Before selecting a product , everybody should read carefully all the information available about it .
The disability of doing the things that are desired makes old people unhappy .
The speaker argues that it is resulted from the difficulties of today 's literature .
However , I want to go to the U.S.A . where I can study and live in my dream country . I want to have my family that I have never had before .
I do not know American teachers so , but some Japanese teachers speak just facts in class hours .
Because of this , I prefer studying concepts and ideas more than learning facts .
A product needs to have advertisement so it gets to known around a place and it gets its population so everyone will like a piece of it .
Most scientists say these bass play a much more significant role in the decrease of the menhaden population .
When someone has more than one academic subject , it would be more amazing , interresting , positive , great , and helpful .
Therefore , I think there will be more cars than today .
because we are watching movies to earn something .
but now everything is changing , life has become more difficult .
They should understand what the ideas and concepts they study mean in practice , how they can be used and have already been used .
Some products they sell are expensive because they are branded , some are cheaper because they are not branded , but if you look at the quality , it 's almost the same as the expensive one .
It is therefore necessary to understand the idea behind it and come up with a well-organized concept .
He knows how to draw a line of difference between gambling and taking risk .
So , we must cooperate well with others , after we solve today 's problem .
It may tell us how large the world is .
So a prohibition would n't solve the real problem .
Although the preferences might be different for a young person and for an older person to fully enjoy their life .
In the younger generation , one can find more joy externally by chasing their dreams and in elderly people , it can be internal .
It has some problems that it can affect humans .
Sure , both arguments will probably decrease the number of cars , but the strongest argument speaks for itself : China .
It mentions that now , it has reached some oarts of North America .
And I expect , if we lose the number of cars , we will protect our life , our environment , and we will not depend on re - use gas ,
I claim that they are not yet able to feel the same feeling of satisfaction that an old man , watching his grandchilds playing , does have .
Hence , I did not have to wake up too early this morning . I took the underground , and the train , then the underground in Rome .
Edison , who invented the bulb , is an obvious example .
Many people think that treasure never existed , but in reality it exists .
Maybe I can not enjoy it in real meaning and I am tired .
This does not imply that either person is not enjoying life , or enjoying it to a different degree .
Even if they use buses , which are big cars , the fact that people take buses still reduces the number of cars .
Our group decided to open Waseda Cafe .
Nowadays , so many people study the ways that advertising increases sales . That is why our behaviour is influenced by what we listen to or what we see on television .
However , I also feel good about this because this shows the huge leap we could make in twenty years , not just small steps .
She also uses this to challenge the reading passage .
In this way , a person always feels to be original and `` modern `` , not `` ancient `` like people that surround him or her .
I need to understand what carbohydrates , proteins , vitamins and minerals are and how they are unfolded in our body to produce ATP .
and none of tourists will come and yellowstone will not be popular and , of course , local businesses that depended on park visitors suffered as a result .
When we go to their home , they look like they are happy .
But if all you want is to stay at home and live on your own , perhaps it is not that important for you .
Our country has been criticizing one way of teaching .
It is also possible that travelers could re-schedule the plan and the destinations .
It is not much less frequent , though , and it still fulfills the needs that we have for it today .
As a conclusion , you are not attracted totally by the product but , by the lifestyle that this product will give you .
Though I am from Fukuoka , now I live in Yokohama in order to go to Yokohama City University .
In the twenty years , they also can give us better cars to use less resources-consumed transportation tools and give us much more convenient tools for our travelling .
It is necessary for a breakthrough event or product to succeed .
lot 's of people use bicycles to go where .
Second , old houses can stand in the way of the development of communication .
What we have to care about is that oil is not used only for cars but also other materials .
Due to this new product flopping in the market .
Fresh water will be carried by the ship that travels from Europe to the east coast of North America , and therefore the mussel will be spread to the whole of Europe .
I do not think that initiative people will take risk more than those who do not .
Graham bell worked a lot and took risks to invent this Telephone apart from electrical knowledge .
For example , during a traffic jam , the transit ca n't accomodate such a large number of people . How would the clerks ?
He or she can help me with languages , introducing specific beautiful places , what the special food in that country is , and how about that country 's culture .
and new generation berfer to using transport . This why know thay think in twenty years fewer cars will be used .
Travelling by yourself is very good for your culture .
But if I was trying to do all the sight-seeing without a tour guide , that would be very difficult and dangerous .
When we talk about the so-called value of a product , we envision a scenario where dozens of products are available on supermarket shelves and when you switch on a television , there is an endless stream of commercials , each claiming exciting new features about the products advertised .
In addition , it uses the North Satr to migrate directly to the north .
Sometimes , even a personality , like a famous actor , becomes this truthworthy voice .
For example , the hamburgers in the commercials and menus look way more juicy , neat , and fresh than the ones you buy .
Nowadays , all the up - coming gratdutes are just muging the subject , mostly 70 % of the subject is just learning .
For me , there are few very close friends or classmates that would be the best for a friend .
All the facts are mere deceptions .
We still don ` t know if aliens are to be or not to be in our solar system .
If I travel in a group with a tour guide , I will have a limited time .
Attendence does not mean that teenagers are fully participating in class .
Trust me , God will wish the young people good luck .
In studying the processes underlying biochemical pathways , knowledge of biochemistry is required , which is an integration of biology and chemistry .
Thanks to new and `` out of the box '' ways of thinking , it is what made our civilizations what they are now .
When someone is hired for employment , the company should not know
In this moment , business became online-business .
Traveling is very important for people to know about the world and in groups they could be might as well .
It contributes to the air pollution and the rising temperature .
For instance , birds do not usually try to remember the subjects that they have passed by , such as a stone , a building , or even a small house .
That `s Turkey !
For example , you have to employ a supervisor to manage the factory , and the operating bill is much higher than the transportation costs .
Because it had creativity and innovation .
So it means there is no certain way about how migratintg birds find their way home .
Their life is repeteation of studying and learning .
However , the problem is if we use prescribed burning as a tool , it requires a lot of money - 10 times more than the normal way .
But there are several reasons that drew me to this conclusion .
They usually forget where the book is set .
Who can say no to a bribe that can make your life more safe ?
For example , I prefer to specialize in public relations , which helps me in my personal life , how to treat authors .
Now let me tell you about the daily activities of my father and compare them with mine .
Although the professor in the listening passage explains that the solution is acceptable because not only the striped bass population is vital for menhaden but also the entire ecological system based on it .
The fact is that it would rain when the specific conditions are prepared .
However , that is not true also .
First is how to release the drugs as fast as possible , in order to sell them faster and to make more money faster , but the government requires a certain amount of testing to be done before the drug is released , so it reduses the date of drug release .
May be one day there will be a tool that will take us anywhere we want in only a few seconds .
There seem to be too many hurdles present in the growth of the car industry in recent times .
So it depends on the different body nature .
It 's a slow process , but after the process they can use Yerkish signs and start to understand what people , trainers , researchers are saying .
If we plant some species which are very strong enough to live , comparing other plants .
Because it rains more , and the plants grow well , so the Puebo can make full use of it .
Additionally , popular movies stars or famous people in advertisements attract people .
The first is our life condition .
For example , if successful people do n't try new things , how can people do airplanes , cars , computers , etc .
Let us think of music as a metaphor for all the areas of knowledge , and the different instruments as metaphors for all the separate disciplines .
The more I study , the more satisfied I am .
Billions of people use it every day .
I went to Wegman to buy the watch because I thought it would be nice to have one .
Major improvements should be made to public transportation to get people to give up their vehicles .
Firstly , it is hard for young people to find time to help their community .
Many people have many reasons , like to see around abroad or to have different experiences , but their purpose has something in common .
We always joke around or do something stupid .
So , cars have a positive impact on the economy and I do n't think that the government will try to put restrictions on this .
Gone are those days when only the rich could afford it .
Even if we do not have one ourselves , other people utilize them to make our lives easier - be it a transporter bringing food to the supermarket or a car that brings us to the hospital in case of a severe accident .
People like these often get bored listening to the tour guides ' lectures that sometimes resemble a monologue learned by heart for a class .
This does n't destroy our culture , because our culture has changed .
Our current status of living is highly energy intensive .
So , my opinion is , if a friend stays in the world , then that friend can help with everything .
Last but not least , zenra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they become dominant .
Scientists are worried that someday these fossil fuels can be finished and no more .
Therefore , it is important to students .
I had been struggling with the way of completing hard assignments , studying , improving my grade , and learning strategies .
Because in competition , man wants everything better than his competitor .
The undersatnd ideas and the concepts help students learn information about the many subjects and acccept good education from the information they have .
Therefore , we think ourselves that taking care of society is the front do it .
The basic requirements of today 's man have changed .
One can have a lot of fun or enjoyment on the trip if you are guided by a person who knows the area .
But the only one reason is that they never give up .
The only possible answer I can come up with is that success is understood to be the ability to invent new ideas , to put into practice novel theories or strategies .
Any one has fears and feels scared to take a new challenge .
The population explosion is another factor catalysing the consumption of energy resources .
Why should I do that ?
It can certainly help us to improve to the next stage .
but after a while they found out its not true .
Although , people have a great brain capacity to gain and learn knowledge , so it is easy to gain general knowledge about everything .
However , what about the stress that they have to undergo , the stress related not only to their position in life but also to the fight that they undergo for their ambition .
In the case of vehicles like motor cycles , the number of persons is limited to 2 and similarly , there are limits to the number of persons that can be accommodated in the vehicle .
And the risk is one of these opportunities .
As I see it , there will be a lot of research done in the future to find such alternitive energies , which will also be environmental-friendly , as well as cheaper .
Speed cameras can be placed in many locations along a highway .
Therefore , I can enjoy the trip more without them .
He is a specialist in computer program but he does not know about other fields .
But the experience of painting gives me many new abilities in filmaking .
Because I have broad knowledge .
Many people try drinking it .
If everyone in the city uses their own cars , the city will be seriously polluted by the smoke .
Dont be afraid to do something new !
It is rather than to give them strong medicine to treat them .
Fourtunately , their topic becomes more clear by using this large amount of the concepts provided by the books .
A person can not be successful if they act the same as regular people .
They will have tremendous problems trying to keep their car in a safe place .
Secondly , they have the confidence that a new way will be another way to improve a machine .
They have a limit to ways which have meaning and function like a word .
It also saves you time and makes you satisfied with this journal .
Moreover , the decision of others could be wrong .
To do so , companies must present their products in a better light than they really are as otherwise , the company 's future , including that of one of the employees , might be at risk .
They are the boney and vital part of society .
Youngsters , being healthy , have less things to worry about .
She believes people can increase their cultural sense by good pieces of music or preciuos movies too .
The most important thing that you can do , is not to tell him like a baby .
To find new concepts and use them in their future job .
I think that the biggest reason is the devised environment compared with the past .
If older people are more acceptable to changes , their lives will become better .
There is very little distance for ancestors to move treasure from Egypt to the Dead Sea .
That means , just learning facts is not going to leave temporaty to students .
Although , I often hurt myself during this time while thinking of some questions .
My personal perception is that such behaviour is damaging to a young person 's personality , since it promotes uniformity and conformity , rather than creativity and innovation .
Fact helps us to know the utility or advantages of a product that has newly been developed .
The other is about the extreme lengths people go to conserve water .
It is important for everyone to have faith in themselves and always look forward and not stay in one place .
The first theory is that birds navigate in reference to celestial objects like the sun and stars .
Every house nowadays has a computer , mobile , etc.this is the thing today 's man wants to live in .
You might be able to be a very successful scholar of the language , but you might not be able to speak the language at all .
These are enjoyable tasks to make your mind set on looking forward to the various experiences .
Those problems do not exist for an online encyclopedia , which can be reached by everybody who has access to an internet connection .
Second , if the park has fires , animals that live in the park do n't survive .
I think the shrinking market conditions force car companies to fight harder to survive .
Then this phenomena reminds them , it comes the time to refer to other subjects .
He could then strive to get practical experience in that field after all theory is lame without practical experience .
While studying at university , people may still not know which subject they should specialize in .
These activities are only for their future or amusement .
I have a great influence on my life .
After all , we are the internet generation .
It 's expensive .
Is it really possible ?
That is bravery and being interested in all things .
I will describe those two main issues : to meet modern society 's needs and to be eligiable candidates for some companies .
When Bill Gates was a young man , he attended Harvard University and he was respected by others for just attending Harvard .
Because of fast-paced societies , we ca n't image what the world would be changed .
Otherwise , we are sick and tired of living in the world .
Take the example of Bangalore city in India .
These surveys also demostrate how much young men and women are not aware of the improvements they could afford if they were able to really put themselves in an effective relationship with their communities .
And as a contradiction of this , the professor said that dicease study is not designed very well .
Therefore , many psychological tricks are used to make a product seem more attractive than it is in reality .
In order to maintain old buildings costs a lot of money .
These factors can only contribute to growth in the number of cars .
We do not need to look for a parking space .
Sometimes , it is very comfortable , but , it 's not important for me .
Internet encyclopedias can contribute new articles or make an editorial change .
It happens very often that many companies are involved in making the same product and this means competition .
Why is n't there one left around Tunguska ?
Have you ever thought about this ?
Because students are young .
This is in contrast to the point in the reading that advertising does not produce any effect on American people because they receive bombardment from different sources .
If they teach them , they will never forget it and it is beneficial for our country .
I can not imagine that during the next 20 years anything could hinder an American from using his car to drive down to the post office which is only 3 blocks away .
For instance , when I was in elementary school , I learned mathmatics formura without any concept .
When you look at the Honda Civic 's advertising , it looks fancy like Mercedes , too .
That 's the way it is .
that would be frequently asked question , so to answer this question we should be aware of the facts .
However far we try to cast a view , gas has become a very expensive item that will even become more expensive .
clearly , you must show your skills and speak .
It is very important for the theme to understand ideas and concepts more than it is for them to learn facts .
Rather than keep his investment within the boundaries of the oil business where he is the master , he went ahead with his new plan .
They complete each other .
Therefore , if someone comes up with that breakthrough or innovative idea , he will be the first to capitalize it .
students may not anderstand facts very well , and they will not be able to stand the idea and concept that is related to the fact .
They wander in the streets wearing all kinds of clothes .
However , almost all of the tour guides would go there with my group members and me .
But this does not happen .
In history , for example , it is helpful to understand what event causes another one , and why ; in this way , it is easier to learn that the first one occurs before the second one , and thus it is easier to learn dates .
The fact is that by making the nails ourselves they would probably cost us more than buying them .
There are my children who are not going to school or colleges and are coming to the movies .
However , in the technology and evolution time , people 's minds have arrived at a solution . They must decrease water carriers or water - way ships which travel between North America and Eastern Europe , or build more canals and ship ports so the load on the ship can be decreased and less zebra mussels are transported .
It can be a good opportunity to make their own time to do anything .
However , she also said that some kinds of birds are shrinking .
Yet , I am sure there are a number of examples of people who have achieved success that would prove the statement wrong .
This is obvious from the fact that when the mind is not clear and free , man can not involve himself completely in doing any activity .
However , I have a different way of thinking toward the quote .
First , young people have a lot of problems .
This is an effective solution to stop advancing fires .
This always chalanges consumers to buy a particular commodity in order to satisfy their needs and wants in the daytime .
For example , it will be easier for people to concentrate on a subject such as geology , having a broad knowledge of many academics , than to try to concentrate on geology after having studied literature .
After an official training course , we helped the patients to take a bath , talked with the elderly people who lived alone , and helped the organization to hold activities during special occasions like Mother 's Day .
You can buy a vavilla cake in a fine store and another vanilla cake in the regular store .
Some guide is not sure about information .
They share their views and ideas within a group .
Hope is the main key for finding a new task .
This is because , the choice can appear to students as a common part of life .
Developing communities want to build more modern duildings .
I strongly believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today because of damage , decreasment , and technology replacment .
Most important , however , zebra mussels often have no predators in their new habitats , and species without natural predatpres are likely to dominate their habitats .
It is possible that as the energy problem increases , people 's lives will be changed .
For example , when I was in school , my Geography book presented `` Ploto `` as the last planet but recent studies have shown that `` Ploto `` is not a planet at all because of some different characteristics .
But that does not mean that I do not respect and admire others .
For example , in Korea , teachers teach something and students learn what teachers say without dissussing with students while in class .
They do not need to know about what facts about that cake are .
First , we can protect our environment by saving oil and gas .
To have broad knowledge of many academic subjects , we can pick up more interesting fields and it 's too easy to understand .
And I completely disagree with what the author wants to say .
I support my feeling that it can be part of life .
However , on the other hand , we have a risk of poisoning this product , because farmers often feed their fish growth- inducing chemicals .
Think about it . If you are 50~60 years old , you always think about your health .
I advise all people to always keep smiling and have fun in this wonderful life god gave us .
Everybody knows each other .
Another reason for joining a big company is job security .
Indeed , on the one hand , there are obvious signs that cars are doomed to be less and less used by people .
Although we do n't have good grades , we have talent for other things .
The people attending this lecture will mostly be those that are specialists in the topic subject .
To maintain the products ' value , they sometimes use strategies to keep the clientele with the same enthusiasm .
Also , the second argument seems to be a bit out of context as the new technologies may hardly cut down on the numbers of cars used .
But it depends on what level we gain this knowledge .
As the profession said , pressure in water is another reason for an explosion .
For example , banks have many very specialized departments .
Everybody would in the end benefit from their experience : people in general and people who want to learn from them .
boys and girls easily believe them .
In this time , my opinion is young people enjoy life more than older people do .
More information and how we can get it is the important thing .
This is merely an opinion based on present , albeit established facts .
They dont have to read spacific books and articles just because they love the topic .
It is not bad if you know it , it means that your intelligence is high , but a doctor has to be absolutely good at saving and helping ill people .
However , if , however , the student will put only themselves and his/her ideas or concepts in front of someone else 's ideas or concepts , which can be mistakes , it will make the professor think if the student actually did what was asked by the assignment .
We can just hope that those cars will have a new motor generation which pollutes less .
When I watch TV , radio ...
After he graduated from his university , thanks to his skill in software , he could get a job easily and he became the best in his field .
Everybody deserves to enjoy life .
it would increase in price after afew years and its owner would have overpriced it and he would be a successful man .
However , the professor refutes the idea by illustrating some tested results from research condcted by oil that has not been taken around the world .
Those who were open enough to try it , had the risk of spending too much money as they chose the first and only tariff which was higher than other suppliers , but they were connected to the world .
The old teaching system is a fair system because it treats teachers on education , teaching skills and finances and the most important thing is teaching experience .
At the time of emergency , he / she could be of great help if he / she is aware of the child 's health problems and their cure .
The problem is that when we and our competitors have more or less the same resources and the same strategy , both would survive but the chance of one winning is not ensured .
It is dangerous for the plants and corps and changes rivers into too acidic for living fish and other animals to live in .
It is related strongly to our daily life .
With this recent outburst , more cars will have to be present to meet the needs of the people .
It was said in the passage that humans are endotherms and maintain internal body temperatures up to 37 degrees , the same as dinosaurs , who maintain body temperatures up to 37 degrees or more than this temperature .
If there were no concerned adults who had to care for the feeding , care and well being of those children , humanity as we know it would not exist .
As people say , `` luck follows the ones that are brave `` and to destroy your everyday routine you must be brave enough , but that will probably bring you success .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement that most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
there are two crucial facts : no particles from asteroid explosion , area of the astroid and meteriority of explosion .
Young people are more easily able to adapt to new technologies than old people .
It would be similar to adding a few drops of water to the ocean .
For usually success is connected with some achievement .
If the explorers did n't take risk , we would n't have discovered the new contenant .
The second point is about the evidence . According to the passage , there is evidence that associates the Sphinx with a well - known Old Kingdom King , and identifies the Sphinx as honoring Khafre , but the lecture says that , these evidence are not strong enough to accept the point . It is not strong enough to accept the Old Kingdom King , Khafre , and his stone plaque between the Sphinx 's front paws carries and identifies the khafre .
First of all , you will know a lot of things about this subject because you do not have anything else to do .
During the Mao regime , cars were only accessible for politicians or privileged party members .
They say that they have some reasons .
They are very young and they do not have a job , so they can not finish their studies .
However , people who do not join the event , seem like winners because they forgot the event easily .
Secondly , critics argue that many cases of placebo -induced improvement take place just at a psychological level .
Second , he says the strong personal rights developed from the factoriy system and not vice versa .
Bus , Subway , even plane are means of travelling which can be used in a lot of areas .
For example , in a science subject , it is necessary that the students understand the way , if not , they ca n't follow the teacher .
Many people watch advertisements .
But at that time , people who had knowledge of various fields were able to find jobs in the surviving fields .
There is nothing that has been declined in literature .
They do not have to go to work everyday . Instead , they may go see a football game in a different city .
Also , it is more comfortable to move around .
And you can not imagine any government giving up so many workplaces because of unemployment .
Comming to atmospere and nature both are the same .
I wish I could go travel somewhere where I can take pictures as much as I want .
For example , if my friends are talking about their problems with computer issues , I will give them advice about how to solve the problem or just to listen to and understand them will also help them to be comfortable in our meeting .
For example , famous businessmen travel all over the world everyday !
The knowledge we have will increase our ability to compete in the future .
There are a lot of car companies and every year they make at least 6 or 7 or 8 or more new cars .
If any problem occurs at an older age , it is a very difficult one for them .
I think that talking with a person who has a different mother tongue compared to me is the best way to learn a new culture and language , however there are any chane to meet them .
This fast pace of economic growth , which can also be observed in a large number of developing nations , has brought about an increase in per capita income and improved lifestyles for individuals .
In modern life , it is all about money and what you earn , but that is not only a success .
IN CASES LIKE THAT BMW ARE USING ADVERTISEMENTS TO SHOW HOW REALLY THE product IS TO THE PEOPLE .
When Google was founded , other Internet search machines already existed .
I want broad knowledge of many academic .
We had a lot of conversations concerning the future of this sector , but never detected signs or future plans for the sector which would imply a declination of the number of cars .
He knows many countries around the world .
Because getting old is not just age .
It 's not really good .
Maybe when the economy is bad , such people can find new jobs quickly , but it may not be the best job they can do .
The important thing about this case is , each country has to use an official solution for their learning problems .
For example , a researcher that wants to be successful must take risk .
The legs of all modern endotherms are under its body .
So if they do n't update themselves with the recent study , they will not be able to teach their students .
Second , the high cost of drug testing finally leads to the cost of the unit drug cost being higher than producing it .
However , the lecturer says that the vague location was described because the antient people wanted to keep the location of the treasure secret .
However , the importance of knowledge of facts can not be underestimated .
But , on the contrary , he argues that fluoride also has some disadvantages .
For these reasons , I disagree that young people have more fun than old people .
He mentions that chemicals used for curing ill fish harvested on farms could harm wild species .
For example , I like to go to a big city like New York .
When we were born , our parents taught us how to speak . After we grow up , they send us to school to learn how to write . Sometimes you have to learn the vocabulary from writing , then you can use more words in your speech .
Do you give it to another person to solve ?
Everybody all knows sport can improve our body , but we need to try it by ourselves before we will know . Yes , sport can really help us to get a healthy body .
Thus , we can easily remember this formura without spending exstra enersy and time , and it is still useful to me .
However , I think that what students like is more important .
They are simply manipulated by the idea of the top-product like best seller , brand , luxuries and briefly think about their own safety .
First , he shows that in some cases placebo made the patient believe he was gon na get cured , which made him create more killing cells , which cured him .
You will be like in one or two or three academic years , you get it coz everything you know you can put it together to make something better .
And this might propably mean that our knowledge is limited .
This rebuffs the reading passage 's explanation that prescribed might cause fire to spread , so it is hard to coordinate .
Now they can afford the lawsuit case against the music industries who sued them for about 100million dollars for inventing p2p software to hack their intellectual property .
Thus , after you return to the city , you may become brothers .
It 's not incorrect to say that the world is losing some great support systems to which young people can greatly contribute .
Becaus we need food .
When there is need to do something , young people do not think .
He will be matured enough to take wise decisions in expanding his business and trying out new things .
The ecological balance should be for the entire area .
Early signs can already be seen .
This is probably because we are all , in general , pampered from the time we are born until well into our adolescence .
The listening part gives us information about Vulcan which was found on Mars and also there was found bacteria , but no one can indicate what kind of bacteria it was taha .
In Korea , we use a day-off system of using private vehicles .
The person takes the bike , goes where he wishes and leaves the car at the closest bus station .
I can image both statements of views . As far as I am concerned , I consider that cars will not be more and more common in the future .
Learning how to play the piano or dance ballet may have been a privilege in the past , but this is not so now .
For example , the school has a regulation that there will be punishment for those who are late entering the class .
Accordingly , most students have learned many subjects in their school .
But there still are a lot of people who have not been successful yet .
Second , he can not accept that the result of lie detectors is used as evidence in court .
They are moved by solar energy .
it is true .
And I am going to another country .
Imagine , we could have trees in our garden that produce cherrrys and apples .
I am going to graduate from university .
On the other hand , in the lecture , the absence of a crater in Tunguska demands atmosphere .
A lesson is another new thing you gain from an experience .
The youth today are aware of their responsibilities as citizens .
But I disagree with this opinion because often the advertisement does n't speak about the only functions of the product but it promises other characteristics that do n't depend on it .
it gives him many advantages in life , and I think that being a knowledgeable person is a very wonderful thing to have so we can spend our lives in a successful way and full of happenis .
In other words , the image in the TV commercial is the most important point that the watcher determines whether he/she likes it or not .
Members gather money for the funeral and help them .
