Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am sad to read about Richard not being at his best .
I hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our conference .
As far as organisation is concerned , an adequate number of double rooms with shower or bath have been booked for your group at the Palace hotel , located across the main street from the train station .
To come to our college , you can either walk downhill to the lake front ( about 10 min ) or take the new cable car from the train station .
The college is just stairs away from the bottom end .
The end - of - conference party will take place on a boat on the lake .
It will start with a speech from the Director of the conference , followed by a meal .
The recreative part will begin at 10 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 2 am .
As nights may be cold at this time of the year , may I suggest that you take with you a pullover .
Apart from that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear .
Depending on the interests of your students , I would suggest that you visit the internet site of the tourist office : www.neuchatel.ch .
yours sincerely
Where are you ?
This is very often the first question that you will be asked when answering the phone .
Why ?
Because somebody has invented the most popular communication device ever .
The mobile phone .
Once heavy , expensive and not reliable , the new mobile phone fits in almost any pocket and is given away by the operator to attract new customers .
Due to the mobile phone .
Communication has changed , not improved .
Of course , it allows you to be reached everywhere ( even in places you would n't want . )
For rescue teams , it is a great help .
But is n't it a handicap outside professional life ?
Should n't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 2 miles away ?
It is not rare to see two people walking side by side , both talking on the phone .
Would n't it be better to prepare the shopping list instead of dialing home to ask which salad to buy ?
The mobile phone is a marvellous invention , but as for cigarettes , we should right on it .
CAUTION : use of this device may damage your brain .
Dear Mrs Smith
I am writing to reply to your letter you wrote me on 10 June .
Firstly , I would like to tell you that the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is located beside the congress house in the centre .
You can make contact with Mrs Brackenbury using the number 06 8793888 .
Secondly , the best way from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus , which is specially organized by us .
The bus leaves at 8:00 every morning and gets back to the hotel at 6 o'clock in the evening .
Of course , there 's also a bus number 8 in front of the hotel , which is also suitable , but it leaves only every half an hour .
The end - of - conference party , which happens in the evening on 20 June , is going to be held on the coast .
Besides the barbecue , there were some well - known student bands from our country performing music throughout the whole night .
What 's more is that there 's a Latin music band coming to make the party more colourful .
It plays from 10:00 to 11:00 , while the students can enjoy it while dancing .
The main events of the party will end at about 12:30 in the night .
As you see , what to wear is just something casual .
Finally , on the last afternoon , we could visit the museums and markets ( we have a very interesting robot - market ) .
Basically , it 's free time for the students to look round here by themselves .
I hope your questions are re answered correctly .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
Yours sincerely ,
Computer Life
Nowadays , computers can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .
Or even in cars and washmachines there are computer chips .
How has the computer affected our lives ?
First of all , the efficiency of society has been improved .
When shopping , we do n't need to wait for the Kasse to take every article 's note by hand .
When booking an airline , we can just simply make a phone call to any agency , and get it done in one minute .
Secondly , instead of looking up tons of books to get the information that we need , we can very easily search for it on the internet or on the local network .
It 's very often heard that someone who has a special illness gets operations by a foreign institute , which he finds via the internet .
Moreover , with computer networks , it can be possible for people to work from home , making projects , controling operations or having conferences .
Lastly , the way of communication has been also changed .
Instead of traditional telecommunication , we can talk , mail or even see each other with the help of a computer network .
Of course , there are also some aspects in which computer technology needs to be improved .
For example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as on paper .
A very important and severe problem is reliability and security .
Till now , to completely rely on computer is still somehow not safe enough .
In conclusion , the computers has become a very essential necessity of our life , and it 's still a young invention which needs to be improved .
Dear Maria
First of all , I am sorry about Richard 's illness .
Please remind me of him and give him my best wishes .
About your request , I 'm going to give you all the information that I think you must need . You can call me if you consider it necessary , ( my phone number is 2496 9731 ) .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
Because it is a wellkown hotel , it should be easy to find it .
Moreover , it is really well - located , so it will allow you to move around the city without any problems .
Even more , the conference is going to take place in the Exhibition Centre , which is located only five minutes from the hotel .
We haven't asked for any special clothes , so I would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come well - dressed , if you feel better .
After the conference we are going to have an informal dinner with a previous snack time in order to introduce each other .
Finally , in my opinion , you should visit the Art Gallery .
It will take you two or three hours , but it 's a gorgeous place .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
" Sagrada Familia " is a real holly building .
If you are looking for a special building in Barcelona , which you can like , whatever your tastes are , you should visit the " Sagrada Familia " .
Among the large number of choices , this unfinished church offers a gorgeous view from the top of its towers , a charming story and one of the most representative examples of Catalonia modernisme art .
Gaudi conceived this church in 1912 , though it was n't until 1920 that they started to build it .
From the beginning , the work was interrupted in different periods and started again .
After Gaudi 's death , it was a critical stop which was fortunately solved three years later .
Nowadays , hard work is being done in order to finish as soon as possible .
The visitor can wonder around all the buildings or take a guided visit .
There is an exhibition room where maps and projects can be consulted .
And , unless you suffer from your heart , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top .
There you can enjoy a terrific view . Not only will you see almost all the entire city , but you also discover another perspective on this magnific building .
Dear Mrs Smith
As you know , I am in charge of organising the conference at my college . Do not worry if Richard did not leave you all the information .
I am pleased to help you .
We looked in every hotel in town trying to give you the best offerd .
We found two good hotels , but we decided on the Palace Hotel .
This was the best price that we could find .
On the conference day , our school driver is going to pick you up at the hotel and take you to the conference .
The party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college , so the best way to get there is by walking .
You do not have to wear any special kind of clothes , but in my opinion , you can wear very cassual .
Finally , on the last day , I suggest you to go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .
Yours sincerely ,
Introduction
The aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the Fuerte de San Diego Musseum .
This is an historical building .
I asked some people in town and this was the best place to choose .
History
The Fuerte de Sandiego Musseum was built at the time when the Spanish people were trying to take all the land from Mexico . One of the most important people who was in front of the Fuerte was Hernon Cortez , the first Spanish to have more land than anyone at that time .
Place
The Musseum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco .
It is situated at the top of a little mountain in the " old " part of the city .
You are able to get there by car or walk and see everything which was made at that time .
Conclusion
On the whole , this is the best building in Acapulco because of its history and reputation .
It is the best place to go and it is easy to get there .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
As the leader of the conference - organisation , I would be glad if I could help you .
My wish is that nothing goes wrong .
So you have to know more details about our conference .
Your hotel is called the Palace Hotel and it is located in the city centre .
As far as I know , this hotel is very comfortable .
There is also a subway station near the Palace Hotel .
Our college is not much far away .
You only have to take the subway - train .
After three stations , you have arrived on Brooklyn Street .
When you come out of the subway , you see our college .
The conference starts at 6 o'clock and ends at 8 o'clock .
The students have prepared a music program for the end - of - conference party .
There will also be an international buffet .
So do n't eat too much before you come .
And please do n't worry about clothes .
There are not any rules .
In our city there is a big adventure swimming park .
I think you should visit Water World on your last day .
You will have a lot of funds , I can tell you .
If you need any further information , please call me .
My number is : 793354
Yours faithfully ,
The telephone is a very important invention which has affected our lives .
It is a way for people to communicate although they are in two different places .
People use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life .
In my opinion , people need a telephone .
For example , a telephone is very important in job life .
Nowadays , there are no companies which do not have a telephone .
Also , it is good for people 's safety .
You can call the police if you are in danger or an ambulance if you are injured .
People use the telephone also for their personal life .
For example , when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away .
Another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone .
They are able to give and receive information very quickly .
This invention has made our lives easier and faster .
The telephone has made my own life easy and quick .
It makes something possible you can not do .
Finally , I would say that the telephone is very efficient for people .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions .
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , a five - star hotel , which offers many facilities .
It is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms .
The Students can get there on the No 35 bus .
They must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five stations at Palace Station .
The hotel is opposite the station .
At the end - of - conference , the college , in which the conference will be held , gives a party for all the students .
It will offer light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol .
There will be live music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .
It would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students .
On the last day , the students can enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city , which can be arranged if the students want to .
The group can also visit the zoo , the opera or stay and relax in the college 's enormous garden and enjoy the scenery .
Do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Yours sincerely ,
To : Group Leader of American students
From :
Subject : An interesting building to visit
Here is information about the Castle in Nyremberg .
Location : The castle is in the city centre nearby an enormous church .
Someone can get to the city centre on the No.456 bus and then on foot to the castle .
Service : It is over 100 years old but it is kept in good condition by the local people , who are proud of this castle .
Activities : At this time of the year , you can visit Nyremberg , where the castle there are many theatrical plays or concerts .
View : From the castle , you can have a wonderful view of all the whole town , especially at night when all the lights are on .
It is a different experience .
History : At the castle there are always a few guides , who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom and why ) , which makes everyone enthousistic .
RECOMMENDATION
I recommend visiting this castle , because it is interesting , marvelous and something different .
It is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit Nyremberg .
Nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different experience and a lesson too .
By the way , you can visit the
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student conference at our college .
I will get you the information you request .
First of all , we have booked the Palace Hotel for your group .
This hotel is quiet and near the conference building .
However , I would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the conference because this is the most convenient form of transport .
Furthermore , as usual , we would organise a party at the end of the conference . . Therefore , it would be great if your students wore a suit ( for men ) or a skirt ( for women ) .
Furthermore , this party will be in your hotel in the coming years .
Finally , there are a lot of mouseum in our town , therefore , I would suggest going to the frogs museum , which is really fascinating .
Do n't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information .
Yours sincerely ,
from :
for : the group leader .
subject : Arboriginal Art Museum .
The aim of this report is to describe the biggest building in our town .
I am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in .
a ) This museum presents more than 200000 original art paintings .
b ) The building was built in 1999 . , Therefore , it is modern architecture .
c ) This building is as high as the Eiffel Tour in Paris .
d ) This building includes : 30 toilets , 500'000 lights , and also 100 people who can help you if you need any information .
I would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the eldest civilisation in the world in one of the modernest buildings .
Mrs Smith ,
I received your letter this morning and I would like to thank you for your interest in the Conference .
I hope I can answer your questions .
Firstly , this international student conference has the intension of explaining to students how important education is .
In addition to this , we chose the luxury Palace Hotel , which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
The Palace Hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can go by train , by bus or by car .
I suggest you should go by train and go out to the Museum Station .
The conference will happen in the hotel , which is so much easier .
The conference , not being modest , is quite well organized .
It will start at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon .
I suggest you should wear something informal .
Even though we want to make things as more comfortable as possible for our students .
I am very happy that you want to know my area , although I am afraid an afternoon is not enough .
However , if you want , you can call me and I can show you some interesting places . I will be very glad .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Affecting Our Life
Cars , boats , motobikes , airplanes : Who never used this once ?
This is a good question .
It seems like running and the fastest of these inventions is certainly the airplane .
At first , when Santos Dummont invented the airplane , he probably did n't think how people could transform his creation .
In this world , where the nations fight to be the better ones could n't be different , the airplane became the most important thing in war .
Unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people .
However , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities .
How could a person come from Brazil to Australia ?
Maybe by boat , but it would take too long !
The best way is definitely by air .
After this invention , travel around the world is so much easier .
Now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the creators who invented facility things for us .
So , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it has changed people 's lives in wars .
Until now , it has been important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .
Let 's congratulate Santos Dummont !
Dear Mrs Smith
Thank you for your letter .
Of course , I will give you some more details about the student conference .
First of all , the hotel Richard Brown has been staying in is the Palace Hotel .
It is located close to the main trainstation in our town .
It is quite near the conference building .
There will be extrabus to get there .
The bus will pick you up right at your hotel entrance .
The end - of - conference party will be a small dinner for all students .
You do not have to wear special clothes , just wear what you always wear .
If you take your uniform with you , it would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel and wear something else .
There are many things you could do for this short time on the last day .
You could visit our famous Museum of Art or go for a walk along the lake .
If you want something for fun or entertainment , go bowling .
If you have any further questions , just let me know .
Yours sincerely
Our Church is a very famous building in our country .
It is eighty meters long and its tower is forty - five meters high .
On the top of the tower , there is a huge clock on each side .
The tower is red and the church itself is white painted .
In the church there are many expensive draws .
There is space for about five hundred people .
The church was built in 1385 .
It was rebuilt in 1948 because of the Second World War it had been demaged .
The church is located in a place where you can see the whole mountain chain of Rigi .
Visit our church because it is one of the most famous churches in our country .
It has an interesting past .
The tower is absolutely marvelous .
You can walk to the top of the tower and it shows you a beautiful view .
If you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who shows you all the things and answers your questions .
The entery will be free .
Dear Mrs Smith , Hello Maria .
In this letter you will get all the information that you need .
The hotel that the group has been booked into is the Palace Hotel ( on Victoria road ) .
And you can take the bus in front of the hotel to go to the college .
There are four bus stops away .
Then walk straight for five minutes , and you will see the college .
After the party , we will go to an entertainment area to have fun and we will eat at Mc'Donalds .
The rest you already know .
I suggest wearing shirts and jeans .
And in the last three hours before you return , we can go to the " Imax " cinema to watch a 3-D film !
Afterwards , we ate at KFC .
Then we all took you and the students to the airport .
That 's all .
I 'll wait for you .
Your sincerly
Madrid is a big city and has many interesting places .
But the best place for me is " La Vaguada " .
An entertainment and commercial building .
There , students can have fun in the recreation areas , can watch a film and eat all kinds of food and go shopping .
We can have fun as well .
And that 's why I recommend this place to you .
The building itself is a large building .
It is very safe as there are policemen and cameras .
The buildings seem to be very new but they are quite old .
People love this place and call it " Madrid - two " .
Around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building attracts a lot of people .
Inside , there are fast - food restaurants and shops as well .
And it is easy to come .
Just take the bus 83 or the sub - way .
Here , you can find everything that you want .
Hope you like it .
12 June 2001 .
Dear Maria Smith ,
I received your letter and I 'm happy to help you . We booked the Palace Hotel for your group . It 's nice and quiet .
I 'm sure you 'll be fine here .
We chose the Palace Hotel because it 's near our college , too .
So you are going to be at the conference in some minutes .
When you get out of the hotel , turn right and go straight on . At the first crossroads , turn right again .
At the end of this street , you can see our college on your left . It 's a green building .
At the end - of - conference party there 'll be something to eat and to drink .
In the big room where we 'll have the party , there 'll be some pictures of our college . You 'll see all the generations who passed here .
Clothes are n't very important , but it 'll be fine if people wore something different from their usual jeans .
Here we have a lot of beautiful things to do , but the best thing you can do in about three hours is visit the painting museum .
We are all looking forward to seeing your group .
Yours sincerely ,
TELEVISION
What would our world be without television ?
It is n't easy to give an answer to this question .
Television is an important invention . It permits us to better our way of communication .
This animated box can give us a lot of information coming from all around the world .
Television has affected " all daily life , . . too . We can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some programs . All we have to do is watch .
And we like that , because it 's easier than than engaging ourselves in something that makes us do something .
So television can be a positive or a negative invention . . It depends on what use we want to make of this box .
Now we should be able to answer the introduction question .
No , I do n't think so .
Television has become so important for us that we ca n't think that it should n't exist .
Dear Mrs Smith
I am writing to answer your letter about the details of the international students conference .
The Palace Hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the Town Hall railway station , which is on the North City Line , is the yellow line on the map .
After getting on the train , you should get off at the Mountain station , which is twenty minutes away , and is in front of the conference .
The conference , which will be held from 1 pm through 4 pm , is a formal party .
You should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy a welcome drink together .
Before catching our plane , we will be able to enjoy going shopping around the airport for three hours in the afternoon .
Because there are so many unique shops and you should buy good gifts for your parents .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Mr Wolf
I am writing to answer your question about the information about an interesting building to visit .
I would like to introduce one building in my town .
" Sky Heaven " , which is the name of the building , is fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .
This building has a hundred floors and it takes five minutes from the ground to the top of the elevator .
There are many facilities , such as a museum , an exhibition and many gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping .
The reason for my recommendation is that Sky Heaven is the highest building in the world .
You should get to the top of the building and experience such an amazing view .
Another reason is that there is a good museum , which tells you about the history of my town so easily and clearly .
It is a good experience for your students .
I hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am glad to help you with the organisation of the international student conference .
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube . The building of the conference is five minutes away .
At the end - of - conference , there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conference .
For the party , I suggest you to wear classic clothes ; maybe something black and not red or pink . I am going to wear black classic trousers and a white jorsey - it can be that this information gives you some ideas too .
On the last day , we are going to have about three hours of free time .
What would you think if we went to visit the Arts Museum ?
What if we went to hear a classical concert near the conference building ?
I hope that I have been able to give you some help .
and I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Morgan ,
I am writing a report which will describe the most important building in my town .
The most important building in Biasco is the Casa Cavalier Pellanda " .
It is an old big house of a rich lord in the middle of the town .
Into this house there is a big museum , where you can learn about the past of Biasco .
Under the museum , there is a big dark place where the wine is produced .
Your American students could learn how the " Meriot ticinese " is produced and why it is so famous in Tiano .
I think that these suggestions could interest your student . Biasco , with its " Casa Cavalier Pellanda " , is the middle points of two tailes - Leventina and Blenio - and the middle points of two similar but also different cultures too .
I hope that this information will allow you to visit Biasco and its . house " .
Yours faithfully ,
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I am sorry to hear that Richard Brown is n't well and hope he 'll get better soon . I am more than happy to give you the necessary information .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is only 2 miles away from our college .
The college will arrange a mini - bus to come and pick you up every morning at 8:45 , so you can arrive at the college around 9 o'clock and have some time before the conference starts at 9:15 .
The reason we do n't suggest you take a walk from your hotel is that you 'd have to walk through a large building site which is not going to be suitable for a group of 20 students .
As you already know , we are going to have the end - of - conference party where the Head of the college will give a small speech at the beginning , then there will be a buffet and a disco .
You do n't need to dress up smartly , but please , make sure that your students do n't wear short or trainers .
Regarding what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave , I would suggest you take the students to our History museum .
It 's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and its people .
There is also a gift shop there , where your boys and girls can buy some souvenirs for their families and friends .
I hope I 've answered all your questions , but if you need anymore information , please let me know .
I am looking forward to seeing you all soon .
Best regards ,
In my personal opinion , one of the most important and useful things which has been invented is the car .
Cars play a big part in our life .
Everywhere you look , you can see cars .
More and more people are learning how to drive and choose to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time compared to travelling by public transport .
Cars are also more reliable than other types of transport .
You do n't have to wait at a bus stop in cold and windy weather for a late bus , or be stuck on a train for an hour due to some railtrack repairs , you can just jump into a car , tune your radio to your favourite station and have a plesant drive to your distanation .
Cars are even more important for emergency situations , such as a fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill .
Could you imagine if our police , doctors or fire - fighters had to get somewhere quickly on foot ?
I do n't think I need to comment on this .
From my personal experience , I realised how it 's important to drive a car when I was living in Johanesburg in South Africa .
I arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 4 months old and I could n't drive at that time .
Johanesburg is a very dangerous place to live .
I could n't just go for a walk , it was too dangerous .
There was no public transport and I had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , and relay on other people to take me to a shop or the doctors or anywhere else .
There I soon realised that I had to learn how to drive if I wanted a quality life for my daughter and myself .
Since I passed my driving test , I can not understand how I used to live without a car before .
I use my car every day everywhere I go and I absolutely love it !
12th June 2001
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing to inform you some information about an international student conference .
First of all , the hotel which the group has been booked into is The Princes Hotel .
It is very near York Railway Station and you can get there easily .
By rail : get off at York station and you can walk from the station , turn left and the hotel is on your left .
By bus : most of the buses in York City Centre pass through the station , or you can take a taxi .
Secondly , the conference is a very important event for all of us . We agree to wear formal dresses .
For example , men should wear suits , ties and so on .
In addition , at the end - of - conference party , we also have a country dancing show .
It could be very special because all the dancers are from our group .
Finally , on the last day , we have an afternoon free .
It would be great if we could go for a walk around the city of York and visit the historic buildings .
If you could think of any other ideas , it would be very kind of you . I would be grateful if my idea and all the information would help you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Inventions have affected all our lives !
Nowadays , a lot of things have been invented that make our lives more convenient than those days .
A car is one of the inventions which is very useful .
I think a car is very important to me because it 's very convenient for everyday life .
For example , I can travel to many places in the U.K. . I live in Whitwell - on - the - Hill ( a village near Malton in North Yorkshire ) .
Can you imagine if I had n't got a car , how could I have gone shopping , gone to college and so on ?
In fact , there are buses ( number 843 and 845 ) which go past my village , but the bus fares are very expensive for me .
Apart from that , it takes a long time to get somewhere .
The car has largely affected my own life .
I can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than using public transport .
I can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to Thai music which I brought with me from Thailand .
I took a car driving theory test last October and I passed it and I will take a practical driving test very soon .
I think I have to drive the car myself , so that I will know more about the advantages of using a car .
In conclusion , I think the car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .
If I have more money , I will buy another car . I think it has more advantages than disadvantages .
So , we should say many thanks to the person who invented the car !
Dear Mrs Smith
It was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you at the conference we have been organising .
Let me give you some further information concerning the event .
Firstly , I would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you .
It is called the Palace Hotel , and we hope that it is going to satisfy your expectations .
The conference is not too far from your hotel .
I strongly recommend you to use public transportation in order to get there , because you may find other types of transportation quite expensive .
Moreover , you must be aware of the fact that the conference is going to last two hours , until 10:00 pm .
After that , our college has organised a barbecue night , with traditional local music that you should not miss .
You do n't need to wear formal clothes .
Just every day clothes .
Finally , I am aware of the fact that on the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane .
Do n't miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions .
There is also a huge shopping centre , where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food .
I hope that you will find my information helpful .
I'am looking forward to seeing you
Your Sincerely
THE HYSTORICAL MUSEUM
Welcome to Athens ! !
Without any doubt , it is a historical place which provides its visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of Greek history during the passing centuries .
Do n't miss the chance to visit the historical museum , located in the heart of the capital city .
A traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century .
The historical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what the Greek have always considered as their main principal : their freedom .
There are five different floors . Each of them presents a different chronical period of Greek history , starting from the period before the birth of Juisus and concluding with the revolution of 1967 .
The museum provides the visitor with the opportunity to see original pieces of writing , famous paintings having as main subject the revolution of 1821 , and aspects of the Greek religion that has always been considered to be a vital part of Greek history .
There is a small amount of money that visitors should pay for entry .
Inside the museum there is a bookshop with a large variety of historical books , maps etc .
If you really want to discover what Greek history means , we strongly recommend you to visit the historical museum ! ! !
Dear Maria Smith ,
Thank you for your letter and I will try to help you .
I will remind you that the international student conference will be next month on the first of July .
The hotel that we booked was the Palace Hotel , which is near the bus station .
When you are at the bus station , you will catch the bus number 37 which will go to the town center .
From there you will walk to the college because it is easier to get there than to get on another bus .
Anyway , the college is on the first road on your right from the town center .
After the conference , some drinks and food will be available in the sports - center , which is well equipped for disco - parties .
Our party has a special subject ' Western ' .
So we suggest wearing western clothes .
On your last day , you could go to the sports - museum , which is great and famous around the world , or only go for a walk around Reconvillier - Park .
I hope that I have answered all of your questions and that the conference will be grateful .
Yours sincerely .
From :
To : the group leader
Subject : old Roman School .
Introduction : I am writing to explain to you the location , the architecture and the story of the old Roman school from Courtelary . I hope that you will go there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful things to see .
It is the most unique old Roman school in the world .
Location : Courtelary is situated in Switzerland and the school is at the top of the town 's hill .
This place is very important because it is there that an Emperor grew up .
Architecture : It is a typical from this epoque with beautiful drawing on the wall and the first kind of writing in the sports center .
The door is enormous because for them the entry was the most important .
History : all began when Ogus Micius said that Romans needed to go to school .
They decided to build more schools , especially in Switzerland , because the people were considered clever .
During the Second World War , all schools were demolished . Only us were left .
Conclusion : I gave you a lot of reasons to get into this building and I hope you will enjoy your trip to my town .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to answer your question .
Firstly , I have already booked the Palace Hotel for the students .
There is a hotel near my college .
It takes five minutes to get to my college by foot .
I will copy the map around the college .
Secondly , I will tell you about the end - of - conference party .
It will start at six o'clock .
The party will be held in the dining room .
People who will attend the party are many professers , semi - professers and faculties .
So I suggest that the students should wear formal clothes .
Finally , I will give you some ideas for an afternoon free time .
The city in which college is is traditional in my country .
For example , there are many shrines , temples , and castles .
I suggest that you should visit these places .
You will have a good time .
In addition , there are many other colleges .
You will be able to see many Japanese students .
I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
If you would like to get more information , you can ask me .
Yours sincerely .
I suggest that you should visit one building .
My town is the capital of Japan .
So there are many higher buildings .
I think it is like New York .
However , I have only one building which I want you to visit .
The name of the building is ' Sunshine 60 ' .
This is the highest building in Tokyo . I recommend you visit .
I have three reasons for my recommendation .
Firstly , there is the acquerium in the building .
In addition , this is the 60th floor . I went there for the first time . I could n't believe it .
Secondly , if you visit there , you will see everywhere in Tokyo .
The scenery of Tokyo is not beautiful , but you may think that this city is a developing place .
On the other hand , you may think what a small city it is ! !
Finally , there are many shops inside the building . You will have a good time shopping .
I hope when you visit , you will find your favorite place .
You should visit there .
12.06.2001
Dear Mrs Smith , Thank you for your letter asking for my help with the conference .
I would like to help you with my best .
Firstly , Palace Hotel has been booked into for the group accommodation and I spoke with the hotel manager about traveling to the conference .
The hotel has its own buses . They will pick us from the hotel to the conference saloon .
Secondly , I would like to tell you more about the end - of - conference party . I booked the Palace Hotel 's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students .
It is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because I have lots of surprises for students .
In addition , I suggest that they should wear sporty and comfortable clothes .
Finally , you would like to know about some activities for three hours of free time .
I think you can go to ' Dreamland ' .
In this place there are video games , some little competitions and a small zoo available .
Students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way to the airport .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
To : American students group leader
From : ...
Re : Information on an interesting building to visit
Introduction
Here is my report for American students who want information on an interesting building to visit in Ankara .
I would like to describe ' Anitkabir '
Findings
1 . This building 's name is ' Anitkabir ' and it is the biggest building in Ankara .
It was built in 1953 .
It is located in the middle of the forest .
There are different kinds of birds and different kinds of trees present .
2 .
It has a very big museum inside the building and all the buildings are made from stone .
3 . This building 's security guards are very special soldiers .
Their aim is to protect the building from enemies because there is also a very big army museum available .
4 .
There is no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to see Ankara from the hill .
It opens from 8.00 am to 5.00 pm .
Recommendations
I recommend that it is the best building in Ankara to visit because it includes all Turkish history and very good sight seeing .
Dear Mrs. Smith ,
I am writing in reply to your letter about the international student conference .
The hotel which we have reserved for your group is the Palace Hotel .
It is not far from our college , and takes 20 minutes by car .
It would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total number of members of your group is 4 and the taxi fare would not be expensive .
There is a taxi rank opposite the hotel .
Regarding the end - of - conference party on Thursday , it starts at 7 p.m. in the garden of the college .
You can wear either casual dresses or fancy ones because we have a fancy - dress competition and the raffle is a bottle of French champaign .
On Friday afternoon , it is set to be free time .
Therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre , which is near the college .
Many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there .
The other suggestion is going to the flower market , which is very famous for tourists because it covers 2 acres and there are plenty of flowers to buy .
Moreover , it is the biggest flower market in this area .
I look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey .
Yours sincerely ,
Invented Light
There are many sources of light in this world , such as sunlight , moonlight , candle light .
Some of them are natural whereas others are not .
Owing to the increasing demand for light for more activities , the natural source is not adequate .
There , the electric light was invented .
Nowadays , the electric light has been becoming a part of our lives , especially during the night .
Whatever we do at night , we need electric light .
Have you ever imagined what this world would be like if there was no electric light ?
It must have had a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .
Think about when the electricity in your house is short circuit .
Do you feel uncomfortable ?
Could you do anything much without light ?
In addition , the electric light is the manuscript of other electric equipment and it has become an important part of our life , too .
I think we should be grateful that we have got an electric light to comfort our lifestyle .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I was very pleased to receive your letter .
It is my pleasure to help you organising the international student conference .
Firstly , for your information , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is located in the town centre .
Students can take the airport bus to the hotel directly when they arrive .
And the best way to get from there to the conference is to by coach , as there are about 35 international students . They are all strangers here .
Therefore , it is not good to take a bus .
I will help you to book the coach .
Secondly , the end - of - conference party will be held at the college main hall , from 8:00 pm to 11:30 pm on 20th June .
There will be various kinds of food and drinks provided .
Moreover , students can dance and enjoy different sorts of music , for instance , rock , jazz , pop , garage and so on .
Furthermore , I suggest you and the students wear pub - dress , as it is suitable for dancing .
Finally , on the last day , I suggest you could go to the market in town during the 3-hour gap .
It is a nice place to buy British - style gifts for your family and friends .
You could also enjoy tea at the cafés nearby .
I would be grateful to give any help if you need it .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Yours sincerely ,
From : Genevieve Chiu
To : Group leader of American students
Subject : Interesting building to visit in Hong Kong
Visiting Po Lin Temple
The purpose of this is to give information to the American students , describe Po Lin Temple is worth visiting .
1 .
Brief history of Po Lin Temple :
It was founded in 1910 .
It is a traditional type of Chinese temple .
Because of the Second World War , it was re - built in 1960 .
A big Buhha was built in 1997 just next to the temple , which is the largest outdoor Buhha in the world .
2 . Location :
The location of Po Lin Temple is on Lotus Island , which is the second biggest island in Hong Kong .
3 .
Opening and Closing time :
Po Lin Temple is open to the public from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm on Monday to Friday , and 9:00 am to 5:30 pm on Saturday and Sunday .
4 . Transports
You could take the MTR ( HK underground ) straight to Lotus Island or take the ferry to get there .
Then you need to take the bus , A110 , A111 or A112 to Po Lin Temple .
It is quite convenient .
All the buses and MTR have air - conditioning .
5 .
Attractive points :
You could go sightseeing around the Temple and take photos .
Of course , you may gain more knowledge about Hong Kong , as the temple has been here for nearly 100 years .
The well known Big Buhha You must n't miss it , or you will be sorry .
The temple also provides free Chinese traditional style meals for visitors .
6 .
Conclusion :
To sum up , I think Po Lin Temple is a nice place to visit , especially for American students .
It 's easy to get there and there is free admission .
On the other hand , Hong Kong is known as a highly commerical city , but you could find something different in Po Lin Temple .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
First of all , I 'm sorry to hear that Richard Brown is ill .
As you are the leader of a group instead of him , I 'm delighted to give you all the information you have asked for .
The Palace Hotel has been booked for the group , and from there to the conference , we have organized the hotel 's bus service to take the students to the conference .
We will meet in the lobby at 9.00 AM .
The conference party will last until 1.00 AM , but every body will not need to stay until the end .
There will be a bus taking students who do not need to stay at the party until the end .
The bus will be in service at 9.30 PM and 11.30 PM , then at the end of the party , there will be the last one .
Everybody is free to dress for the party but it is considered to be appropriate .
On the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre near the airport .
There are lots of things there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends .
If there is any information you need to know about the conference , please let me know .
I look forward to seeing you at the conference .
Yours sincerely ,
The telephone saved my friendship
It 's very hard to decide which invention is the best .
Because all of them are so important in different ways .
Since I 'm away from home , the telephone is very important to me .
Having a telephone , I can call my mother , my friends which help me from home sick , not completely , but I think it 's better than other ways .
To hear the voice of the person you love is a feeling that is hard to describe . It 's wonderful and so real , You can imagine their face clearly .
I had a problem with my best friend once when we kept in touch through e - mail .
The problem is the language . We used English , but we were both not very good at it at the time , which made us misunderstand each other .
However , the problem was solved by a telephone .
We are now still friends .
Thanks to the invention of the telephone .
Dear Mrs Smith
With reference to the information that you have requested , the hotel that has been booked is the Holiday Inn , in New Port and to get to the University of Wales , which is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a divertion which clearly indicated Carleon and once that you are on the main road all you need to do is to follow the country road which take you direct to the place .
Concerning the Party at the end of the Conference , this will be formal . Therefore , you will need formal cloudy as you know , there will be company directors , managers etc .
As for the last day , I would suggest you take a visit to the local museum and the Ruin 's Castle .
In the first you will find a very interesting collection of Roman Vestiges . You can also visit another section which is supposed to be a Roman city .
Yours Sincerely ,
I always considered myself to be very looky to be born in the Century because of all the amazing human inventions .
As an example , let 's have a look and we will see this nation how it has developed .
We just need to think about the first world world and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution until today .
However , I feel that at the moment there should be more work to control this development because of the industrial pollution that has been created and it seems that very little has been done at the moment in relation to our environment .
I hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important issue .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I read your letters and I 'm ready to help you .
I think that we have to think about which hotel is better for the students .
I have an idea and I think that you will agree with me .
I was thinking about the Palace Hotel because it 's very nice and cheap .
It has comfortable bedrooms and a place for parties .
You can book this hotel . It 's the best and it 's near to the conference . It 's only 15 minutes by walk .
I think that it would be nice for the end - of - conference party if you could invite somebody to sing and give the students the time to enjoy themselves and to dance .
The party will be nice .
The clothes that they will wear have to be smart , not how you are going to a casino , for example , but nice and casual , not with sports shoes or T - shirts .
On the last day in the afternoon , you have three hours free . You can go for coffee or to visit some places .
Those are my ideas for the conference .
I hope that you will like it .
Yours sincerely ,
Today our article will be about inventions that we need inour lives .
I think that all these things we need in our lives because they can give us a lot of things .
First of all , we need the telephone in our house because it 's important to make calls if you need something or if something happens at your house and nobody is next to you .
The second one is the lamp , electricity that is very important in our lives .
In the past , people did n't have electricity and if they wanted , for example , to read or to cook , it was something they used the fire .
It 's important to have electricity because without this you ca n't do anything .
The other one is television .
You must have a TV because you can listen to what is happening in the world and you can see some places that you did n't go to .
You can enjoy your time watching a film if you have free time .
The boat is not so important , but you can use it for fishing and to see some places .
The car now is very important in our lives . You can go wherever you want .
This year , families have 3 cars in one family , one by one person .
For me , the most important thing is the telephone , because without it you ca n't do anything . It 's part of my life .
Dear Maria Smith ,
First of all , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
It is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people .
It has a swimming pool and a nice bar .
The hotel is ten minutes from the conference and there will be a bus available to go directly over there .
At the end of the conference , there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant , so people must have nice clothes ; jeans are not allowed .
Next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing .
We can do a lot of things in my area .
We have the opportunity to visit the old town . It 's very nice and there are a lot of shops .
We can visit the old castle or the painting museum too .
I find television the most important invention .
I think it 's good for old people because some of them can not go to the cinema anymore .
On one hand , it 's because they do have enough money to pay for it and on the other hand , it 's because they ca n't move very well , For example if they are disabled .
With television , old people are less alone because most old women have their husband anymore .
Television is a good way to be informed about the news .
I prefer being informed by television than by newspapers , it 's more relaxing .
I think television is a good invention for children when they have free time and while they are watching television , we do n't have to look after them if we have something important to do .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I 'm very glad to be able to help you out with such a situation .
First of all , the group has been booked into ' THE PALACE HOTEL ' .
You wo n't have any problem finding the college because it 's in front of the hotel , and the conference will be there .
As you know , the conference will start at 11:00 and it will finish at 13:00 , but we will have lunch altogether at 13:30 in the college 's hall until 14:30 .
You 'll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers . If you want , you will be able to wear a blue jacket .
When we have finished , you 'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television room , but if you prefer other things , we 've got a swimming pool and a library . It will be your own choice .
I hope it was useful for you .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Group leader ,
In order At your request , I 'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , Fuengirola .
Fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the sea front .
It is placed on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach .
You ca n't miss the chance to see this castle because it is an excellent view and there are always a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs .
At the same time you are enjoying the castle , you can take a break to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea . It is also amazing .
Also , there is a museum of history inside .
As you see , you have to visit the castle . You wo n't feel regret about that .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conference and other points in relation to them .
The hotel where your group has been booked is the Palace Hotel .
It is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and it is very near to the college which the conference is , five minutes ' walk .
Going walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus .
When you arrive at the Colleges , there will be people indicating the way to the conference room .
At the end of the conference we are having a party with some cold goods and some drinks .
There will be music as well as dancing .
The director of the College has suggested wearing smart clothes for that occasion and I give you the same advice .
About the afternoon before leaving , I have some suggestions .
In the area of the hotel , there are two interesting places to visit .
One is the Picasso museum and the other is an important Gallery where you can enjoy seeing different kinds of paintings .
I hope my information can help you and it has been useful to you .
I am looking forward to seeing you at the Conference .
Yours sincerely ,
There is an invention that I think that has been very important : the computer .
The computer is very useful and it has affected our own lives in different ways .
The computer has done a lot of work .
For work that you need , for example , three hours , you can do it in ten minutes ; the same !
But computers do n't affect people in a good way , because thank you to computers , the number of places to work is small .
But , they have been a very important invention .
The last thing related to computers is the internet .
Through the internet , you can communicate with people from different places of the world at the same time .
And you can get lots of information about a lot of things .
Everything that you need , you can find it on the internet .
Nowadays , computers are very developed and are increasing .
What will be next ?
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I have received your letter and I am glad I can help you .
You have been booked to stay in the Palace Hotel , which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here .
The best way to get here is : once you have gone out of the hotel , turn right , then follow the signs to the hospital , because it is just by our college .
When you are in college , ask me .
The conference will take one hour , and , at 8 o'clock the party will start . It is a formal party and you should wear formal stuff .
The dress code is : no jeans .
We will provide you with food and drinks .
In my free time , I have quite a few ideas .
There are lots of things to do here .
We have got a museum which is just two minutes from your hotel .
You can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the café .
If you go to the main street , you will find a street full of shops and I am sure the students would like that .
I hope this information will be helpful .
If you have any other questions , please , do contact me .
Looking forward to seeing you soon .
Yours sincerely ,
THE MOBILE PHONE
The mobile phone has completely changed our lives . It is an instrument which I can not imagine myself living without .
Apart from being in - fashionable , it is also a very helpful machine .
Do you remember that day when you got stuck in the middle of the road with your car which would n't work ?
What would you have done in that moment without a mobile phone ?
You were at home in less than ten minutes just because you had a mobile phone with you . Amazing , is n't it ?
Nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone .
I am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone .
Five years ago you would n't have even thought about it .
It has been a plus for me .
For example , now my parents allow me to go to more places just because I have my mobile with me , and sending text messages is an addiction which every teenager is obsessed with .
All over , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing to inform you that I have received a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference at my college .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is not very far from my college .
However , due to the congestion and delays near the hotel , the best way to get from there to the conference is by underground , Victoria Street station .
You would arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes .
At the end - of - conference party , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities .
All different types of clothing could be worn , However jeans and T - shirts would be common on that day .
Instead of staying in the hotel for the last three hours , I suggest that you could perhaps visit our town centre .
The popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , aquarium , market square , can be found near our monument of our town , the Saltisy Bridge .
I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
Yours sincerely ,
The Little Woods shopping mall
Location
The Little Woods shopping mall is an ideal place for you and your group to visit .
It is located very close to the town centre , next to the town museum .
It can be accessed by the nearby train station .
Facilities
For those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , stationary , book shops , fashion and beauty departments and many more are available .
For those who want something more exciting and advantages , you recommend visiting the Fun Fair and amusement on the top floor of the building .
Other facilities , such as cinemas , theatres , and large department stores , can also be found .
There is a little souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists abroad to enter the car park .
Conclusion
Not only will the tourist information centre provide the information you might need , you could also visit the ICT block , which allows you to access anything you want to know from the computers .
A special trip could also be organized .
Dear Marie ,
I am writing in connection with your letter about the international student conference .
I 'd appreciate it if I could offer you my help .
I would like to give you the necessary details which can help you to organise the conference .
Richard Brown booked the Palace Hotel for the students , which is very comfortable and close to our college .
You need only a 5 minute walk to catch the college .
After the conference , we are planning to organise a big party with a barbecue .
The party will take place in a forest close to the camping place .
I hope we will have nice weather .
Therefore , I suggest wearing some casual clothes .
On the last afternoon , if you have some free time , I would recommend you to visit a very famous exhibition of Leonardo Devinci .
The exhibition will take place at the " Gribaldi museum " , which you can find on Crariden street N 5 .
You will never regret my suggestion .
If you need more information , let me know .
Best regards ,
Report on the building at Berkeley Square .
In order to prepare this report , I visited the business college and interviewed some students . I asked them only one question : " Which building do you find more beautiful and more interesting in our city ? "
The students who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our city .
However , the majority of people point out a very old building , which you can find at Barkeley Square .
Most of the students found this building very special , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture .
If you visit the building , you will get the impression , a feeling , that you are in past times .
This building attracts a lot of people , - because it has a very special style with majestic , antique windows .
In addition , I also visited this place - and I was very impressed .
Finally , I would recommend you visit the Barkely Square area .
In this area , you could also find other different buildings which you would be attracted to .
report on the group leader
from
12.06.01
Dear Maria ,
I 've received your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you are going to organise very soon , here you have a little help for it .
First , I 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you are going to stay is " The Palace Hotel " , which is situated in the center of the town .
It ca n't be difficult to find , because it is very near to the conference .
Also , there is a bus provided by the organisation to take all the students to the hotel .
At the end of the conference there will be a party .
I might suggest you wear a casual dress , because many students feel relaxed after the whole day sitting and listening to the conference .
The party was run by a group of musicians , and as I remembered from last year , it was unforgiven , because all the people were dancing and having a lot of fun .
It is a well - situated town with a lot of museums to visit , especially " the History museum " , which I visited last year , and I think you can enjoy it as well .
It does n't take a lot of time to visit and the entrance is free .
Whising I 've been very helpful to you .
Yours sincerely ,
TELEPHONE CHANGE OUR LIFES
It 's impossible nowadays to think of a life without that invention . How quickly it affects our lives , especially in business .
We ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , that can do business quicker than anything else .
Also , I was asking too many people in the street .
Could you live without a telephone ?
The answer was all the same : " impossible " .
An old woman told me how important the phone was when her only son was abroad studying computers at at " Chicago University " . She told me that every night she expected a call from her son . For her it was the line of happiness .
However , there was one person who told me he was n't happy at all with the phone , because he used to write a lot , especially at Christmas to wish all his friends a very nice Christmas , but now everybody phones him losing a very old fashion .
In my opinion , this little " box " that everybody has at home can save your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation .
In conclusion , do n't make very long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a very expensive bill .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith
Thank you for your letter .
It 's a shame that I wo n't see Richard because of his illness , but I 'm willing to help you as much as I can .
Then I will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .
Firstly , about your accommodation , Our college which I belong to offers visitors free accommodation with full of facilities .
( For example , baths , car parks , free internet access , etc . )
They are also located on our campus , so you can get to the conference by walking .
Secondly , as you know , we 'll have a party after the conference , which will be taking place at our student council hall with some meals .
This party is unlikely to be that formal , but I recommend you not to wear jeans and go to training .
Finally , if you have free time for a couple of things , you 'd better visit Kamakura City , which is 30 minutes from our campus by train .
It is a very traditional Japanese city with so many temples and heritages .
I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it and maybe get familiar with our culture .
By the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again .
Oh Baby , I ca n't live without you !
These days , we 've been surrounded by so many different kinds of products which our ancestors invented .
In our daily life , however , we seldom notice how convenient life we 've got , what is more , how inconvinient our grandparents were .
How nasty we are !
Let us try to appreciate their importance again .
As for me , the invention which is most important to me is the personal computer . I have been a full time student at at university at home , and their classes all require us to have a personal computer and use it at any time .
When you take the class on computer programming , you will definitely need one and it holds true for the class on politics , because you have to study statistics on your computer for doing social research and some analysis .
My professor said ' go and get familiar with your computer , otherwise you 'll fail ' .
I find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we usually use without any questione .
That 's the nature of human beings .
But , I think it 's not only our fault but the evidence of how much they integrate into our life .
Dear Mrs Smith
I received your letter asking for some information about the conference .
I am glad to provide all the information .
The group has been booked the hotel which is near the train station .
It is really easy to reach the conference from the hotel .
The bus was running in front of the hotel .
If you catch the red bus , it will drop you in front of the conference building .
At the conference you should wear a formal dress but you are free to choose its colour or style .
At the end of the conference there will be a reseption at the hotel .
We have arranged some tours in the city .
You will be visiting some interesting places and towers .
I look forward to seeing you .
Yours faithfully .
Computer magic .
Can you imagine life before the computer ?
Lots of books , papers , many things on the tabels .
The computer is a really clever machine .
He stores all the information , never says enough and he never forgets any information . Whenever we want it from him , he refuses .
He saves time for humankind . People do n't need to spend a lot of time recording everything , it makes space in offices .
Many bosses or in the factories do not need to employ many clever workers because we do n't need them a lot .
This saves a lot of money for companies .
Computers have been helping to improve health . Because in this century we can use them in medical operations . Doctors can manage extreme operations easily and confedantly .
In general , the computer has brought human life two centurys . It makes life easier for us .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing in reply to your letter , which I received yesterday .
Below is a piece of information you will need for the next international student conference at Bournemouth College and some recommendations which might be useful for the students .
First of all , the hotel booked for the group is the Palace Hotel , which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities .
This is a very central hotel located not far away from the conference hall .
You will be able to get there either by bus ( no 150 ) or on foot .
Next , you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference .
It will begin at elevenish p.m. and may last the whole night .
People are going to be disguised there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi - coloured clothes .
Finally , I think that you should jump at the opportunity to go to the historical Pergam Museum before leaving .
Some of the most amazing masterpieces are shown there .
I wish you in advance a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in Bournemouth .
Your sincerely
To : ( group leader )
From :
Subject : Bournemouth National Museum
As requested , I visited the Bournemouth National Museum , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings in the area .
Below is a summary of the most important relevant points and some recommendations you may need .
1 . Architecture
The architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation choice .
Even if the architectural style may seem a bit ' heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no similar comparison all over the world .
2 . Exposition
Although I have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day , it is such a rewarding and enriching time that people get tired of looking at the paintings and sculptures of each section of the museum .
3 . Restaurant
The adjoining restaurant is very enjoyable as well .
The waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice .
In fact , it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum .
To sum up , I would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums , because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also very unusual architecture and a quiet restaurant to have a rest if you need to .
Dear Mrs. Smith ,
In reply to your letter , I would like to answer your questions and give you more information .
Firstly , the hotel in which the group is going to stay is the ' Palace Hotel ' .
Secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local bus .
There is a bus stop in front of the hotel and no.31 or 3 will take you directly to the conference .
Thirdly , the end - of - conference party would be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .
Therefore , you could wear something quite casual .
Lastly , on the last day , I would suggest you to visit Edinburgh Castle and the National Scottish Museum , as both of them are very interesting and have a student discount .
I hope this letter should help you with enough information .
Yours sincerely ,
Could modern people live without a light bulb ?
Well , I do n't think so .
Only people who could live without it must be extremely weird or somebody in a very difficult situation !
We are nearly always surrounded by ' man - made ' light .
With it , we read , study , walk , and so on .
In the past , people relied on the sunlight , moonlight and the light from fire .
These were , however , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out .
They had to read , study and walk in the dark .
Today , this kind of thing hardly happens !
Well , unless there was n't anything wrong with the power supply .
I remember when I was about 5 , I visited a museum with my family .
While I was in the toilet , all the lights were turned off !
I screamed and cried since I 'd never experienced being in complete darkness before .
When the light was turned on again , I realised how important even a single light bulb would be , and I was sure I could never , ever live without it .
Dear Maria ,
First of all , I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill .
As the conference must go on , I will give you the information you asked for in order to work on with this conference .
According to the hotel , the group has been arranged to stay in a hotel which is very near the place we are going to have the conference .
The hotel is The Palace Hotel .
It'is just only a 5 minute walk from there to the conference and I would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference .
About the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel you will stay at .
The party will be in a friendly atmosphere , so do n't worry about what to wear .
There will be only our group , so dress whatever you want and enjoy ourselves .
Lastly , what could you possibly do while you are waiting for three hours for some people who want to go shopping ?
The shopping centre is just right opposite to the hotel , however , some people may want to just wait at the hotel and have a cup of coffee .
The cafe in the hotel is available .
I hope that information will be useful .
If you have any questions , I am more than happy to help .
I look forward to seeing you at the conference .
Yours sincerely .
Could you live without this ?
Imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone .
How would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work ?
How would you know what is happening in the whole wide world or even how you would get yourself breakfast without a toaster ! ! !
How would you cope with all this ?
Thank god for those who have created electricity and appliedapplied it into every appliance .
Electricity is a clever invention .
Everything is based on the use of electricity , for instance , from a little bulb light to the most complicated computer system which stores priceless information !
Life would n't be easy if we did n't have electricity .
Electricity is very important in keeping our lives going .
No matter where you are , what you do , apparantly , you need electricity .
Let 's think this way : if we did n't have electricity , there would be no other inventions at all ! !
I , personally , could n't live without electricity .
It has already affected and played a great role in my life .
I watch television and use the computer everyday .
Moreover , other facilities in my house , the telephone , air - conditioner , fridge , for example , all need electricity . That'is why it is very important to my life .
Dear Mrs. Smith
My name is ... . I am a local student and I will give you the requested information .
The rooms for your students have been booked at the Palace Hotel near the city - centre .
The hotel is just three busstops away from our college .
So you and your students can take the bus from the central busstation that is right in front of your hotel to get to the conference .
The end - of - conference party starts just one hour after the end of the conference .
It is located in our sports hall .
There will be live music and a midnight dinner .
So you do n't have to appear very noble dressed , just as you like it ( there is no order - you may wear what you want ) .
For your last day , I think it would be interesting to visit our historical and famous city - centre .
I will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights .
If you have any more questions , write me a short letter .
Yours sincerely
The invention of the car was a great point in history .
From there on , people got mobile phones and had the possibility to travel wherever they wanted .
Of course , within the physical barriers .
People now have the chance to move to far away places to spend their leisure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home - countryside .
In my life , the car has had an enormous influence . I come from a rural area .
The next city is 15 km away and there is no acceptable bus or rail connection to get there .
It has been quite hard for me not to have the opportunities for my free time like my friends that live in or near the city .
I just had no possibility to meet them after school , because I had no vehicle to get there .
I always needed my mom or my Dad to take me where I wanted to go .
Today I have my own car and I use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time .
So with my car , I achieved great freedom .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am applying to your letter where you asked for some information about the conference at Peterborough Regional College .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is situated in the city center , a 15 minute walk from where the conference takes place .
On the next page there is a map showing you the best way to get to the conference that will be at the Regional College .
The conference will start at 7 p.m , the same day we expect , the 18th of June .
Our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music .
For the people interested in it , there will also be an amusing karaoke .
Everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal .
No jeans and tee - shirts .
There are a lot of places you can visit in Peterborough .
We have a Cathedral you can visit anytime and the river side , which is the best if it is a nice day , sunny and warm , for taking a walk .
For any details , look at the next page map .
Yours sincerely ,
Alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She had a dream where somebody told her that that day would be special .
So , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school .
But that day was a little bit different : she had her maths exam .
She had never passed a maths exam and she was really nervous .
Half an hour before the exam , she went to the cafeteria to have a cup of tea .
She sat down and , what a surprise , she found a lottery ticket .
Nobody was around her , so she took the ticket .
She drank her cup of tea and she went to the classroom where the exam took place .
She did the exam really well . She was very surprised , and after the exam she went home .
She spent the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the lottery ticket and waiting for the TV show at 8 o'clock .
At the time , she turned on the TV and while the lottery man was shouting the winning numbers , she checked hers and was surprised that the last 4 numbers were the same ! !
She won £ 500 ! ! !
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I have just received a letter from you .
I would really appreciate your interest in our conference .
Firstly , the Palace hotel is your accommodation which you have booked .
This is a very nice hotel and I am sure you will be very pleased to stay there .
Secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference .
Obviously , using a taxi is the best , but unfortunately it is quite expensive for students .
However , we have already prepared a mini - bus for you .
The bus will be in front of your hotel at 1 p.m. and it will take you to the conference .
Thirdly , we will have the end - of - conference party at 6 p.m. You can have dinner with wine , which is very famous in our area , and also you can enjoy the semi - classical concert which we have prepared for 3 months .
But I hope you will wear a formal suit and dress .
You will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes .
Lastly , you do not have any problem spending your extra time in Cambridge because we have a lot of attractions .
A Cambridge bus tour , for example , will be a very nice time for you because it is the best and the easiest way of getting to know Cambridge .
But if you do not like it , you can enjoy the City centre by walking tour and then you can enjoy going punting , which is the most pleasant attraction in Cambridge .
I hope you will be happy with our conference and party , etc .
We have prepared all of them for a long time .
Please oblige us with your attendance .
If you want more information , please let me know .
Your sincerely
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Welcome to my town and I really appreciate your visit .
I would like you to visit the ' COEX ' building which is located in Samsung - dong , south of Seoul .
I will give you some information about this building .
This building consists of a world exposition centre , a multiplex cinema , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court and an aquarium .
Now they are holding an ' the world software for Linux ' exhibition in the exposition centre .
If you are interested in computers , it will give you great pleasure .
For a multiplex cinema , it is the biggest cinema in Asia and it has 18 screens .
Therefore , you can enjoy all the latest films there .
If you want to buy something , especially clothes , the shopping mall , which is called ' COEX mall ' , will be the best place : very cheap and lots of designed clothes .
Also , you 'd better not miss the food court .
It provides all kinds of food .
Korean food , Italian food ... you can enjoy them all .
Lastly , I really want you to go to the aquarium .
Actually , I have been there three times but I still want to go there again .
I am sure you will like this very much .
I hope you will enjoy yourself in my town . I would be very happy if you were satisfied with my recommendation .
And if you need someone to guide you , please send me an e - mail or give me a call .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to give some information about the conference as you requested .
First of all , your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is very convenient to stay in and has a beautiful landscape .
I would recommend you get to the conference by subway , because the subway station is situated 5 minutes ' walk from the hotel .
It will take you about 15 minutes to arrive at the college .
There will be a party after the conference .
We will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you can join if you wish .
Therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes .
Finally , this area has its reputation for shopping centres , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food , and so on .
You will be able to buy them at a reasonable price .
I hope you will enjoy your stay in my country .
I look forward to meeting all of you .
Yours sincerely ,
Amusement Centre
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give information on the Amusement Centre in Seoul .
It is based on my experience and on views expressed by local people who were interviewed .
Facilities
It was found that the Amusement Centre is the most popular building in Seoul to enjoy yourself .
There is a wide range of facilities , including theatres , game centres and Korean restaurants .
In particular , the people seemed to be satisfied with the theatre , because the screen is massive .
The Korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular with foreigners .
Things to buy
It seemed you could buy everything you wanted at a reasonable price in the building .
In particular , Korean souvenir shops are felt to be extremely cheap .
However , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish .
Conclusion
In short , the Amusement Centre is a fascinating place and it deserves a visit .
I would highly recommend this building , because not only can you enjoy yourself but also experience Korean culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors .
Dear Mrs. Smith
Thank you very much for your letter , which I received yesterday .
I am sure , together we can have a good student conference in my college .
I will give you some useful information .
First of all , we come to some important points for the organisation .
The group has been booked into a comfortable and well suitable hotel , whose name is , " Palace Hotel " .
The hotel is on the right hand side of the Parker Piece , which you can find on the map , which I will send you .
The " Palace Hotel " is a 5 minute walk from the station .
The conference is situated in the building opposite the bus stop .
After a short speech from our director , the evening entertainment will begin .
In a well - known and enjoyable pub in the city centre , we eat the same food and drinks .
Furthermore , there will be a very famous live band .
You do not have to wear any special clothes .
You asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon .
Naturally , we have a lot of interesting things to visit , but one thing in particular is our cathedrale .
The architecture brings you back into the old times , as well as the stained glass windows , which are really amazing .
We also have an interesting museum and a modern theatre .
Finally , I am sure you and your group will have some fun realaxing days .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for some more information .
I look forward to meeting each other soon .
Yours sincerely .
Inventions have affected all our lives !
What is it that we use every many hours ?
Sometimes it 's from early in the morning until late in the evening .
Yes , it is TV .
It is well known in almost all families , often with a lot of different cannels .
First of all , the TV can tell us news in a short time , what is happening all over the world .
Another point in favour of the invention of the TV is that they talk about interesting reports , for instance about animals or different cultures from other countries .
Furthermore , they have a lot of different programmes , usually something for everybody .
It could also be relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .
Finally , the TV is , in my opinion , very useful for getting important information . You can watch the weather and all of them are present in wonderful colour .
To sum up , in my opinion , the TV is a very good and useful invention .
However , they send a lot of violence , which is not good for the children .
I can not imagine living without television . It is something that we need for our education , for getting news and other helpful information .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
Surely , I 'll try to help you as good as I can .
First , I 'll tell you the name of the hotel . It 's the Palace Hotel .
Fortunately , it is not far from our college .
To get from the hotel to the conference , you only have to take bus no.7 and get off at St. James College , where the conference will take place .
About the end - of - conference party , I can only say that a band will be playing the whole night , and a special guest I still do n't know will be expected .
I suggest wearing casual clothes . I think there 's no need for school uniforms .
To answer your last question , I would propose you attend the local zoo , because many baby animals have been born in the past few days .
Dear Mrs Smith , I hope the given information is useful for you .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
Yours sincerely ,
The telephone
Could you imagine there 's no telephone ringing in an office ?
Or to live your life without chatting for hours with your best friend ?
Could you ?
I ca n't !
The telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell at the end of the 19th century .
It was an invention nobody thought how important and how widespread it would be in the future .
Nowadays , almost every household in the western world owns a telephone , and calling relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing .
People need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for exchanging information in a very short and direct way with the possibility to answer immediately .
When I was a child , we had no telephone at home , and I always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village .
Now I have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture I bought was the telephone . I 'll never take it away from my home .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I want to inform you that I had already talked to Richard Brown and he informed me about the conference .
Next week I will be start organising some events for this conference .
The event will be organized at the Palace Hotel .
The same hotel that you will stay in .
The Palace Hotel is opposite the park ' Clifton ' , which is near the college .
We chose that hotel because it is near the college and we do n't need to use transport .
Because you know where the college is and you need to bring with me some things from the college to the hotel , I think it is better to come all the whole group college and then we can go all together to the ' Palace Hotel ' .
The conference starts at 9:00 o'clock You need to be at the college half an hour before .
Concerning the end - of - conference , I 'm thinking about some dance and singing events .
Tell me your idea .
About the clothes that we need to wear . It must be a uniform , because it is the best conference in London and every year there are lectures from other colleges .
Finally , on the last day , we have organised a sightseeing - crossing around London . You will have the opportunity to visit some museums and zoo parks .
I think it is a nice idea .
If you want more information , you can call me . My telephone number is 047***. Please , if you have more ideas , send me a letter .
Yours Sincerely ,
Nowadays , everyone has a telephone .
The telephone is part of our life .
It is one of the most important investigations in the world .
The telephone is a type of communication .
If you want to talk with your friends , parents , partner or to ask something , you can call them without wondering how to communicate with them .
Especially if some of your relatives or friends are living in another country , you can communicate with them everyday and you do n't feel that they are far away from you .
Today , with the development of technology has improved the abilities of the telephone .
They are telephones where you have the opportunity to talk with more than one person on the line .
Also , you can leave a message if you call and ca n't find someone .
The last type of telephone is the mobile phone .
You can use it everywhere and at anytime .
Finally , the telephone except|apart from other types of communication , is a type of socialisation .
Nowadays , we are so busy and we do n't have free time to see our friends . We can call them and talk or chat with them .
Young people spend many hours on the telephone and that is trouble for their parents .
The telephone is very important investigation if we can use it correctly without using it as a type of entertainment as they are doing nowadys many people .
Dear Mrs Smith
I have received your letter , which was what you would like me to inform you about .
As you know , a hotel named Palace Hotel has been booked for your group .
The best way to get from there to the conference is to take a taxi .
I am afraid there are no buses to get there .
We will have a great party at the end of the conference .
The party will be formal , therefore you have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress .
As you know , it is not suitable to wear jeans or anything .
On your last day , you have an afternoon free .
In my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country .
You can find a lot of things to do or to see .
You can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park .
I hope you will find all the details which you would like to have in the letter .
If you need any information , please let me know .
Yours Sincerely ,
Power Of Computurs .
How much can a computer affect your life ? I think it affects more than you think .
When I was a child , I always wanted to get the lyrics of the songs that I liked , but it was nearly impossible to get them .
I felt a lack of them .
I first bought a computer when I was in university .
It was so necessary for me because I wanted to be a computer programmer .
At that time , I discovered the magic world of computers .
Linking to the internet was so popular .
The Internet was something amazing to me .
Do you think you have the information you need whenever you want ?
Can you imagine you can contact anyone who is from any country whenever you want ?
I meet a lot of people on the internet and it really interests me .
I learn a lot about their culture by speaking to them on the internet .
I was n't able to imagine this before .
In addition to this , today 's companies can do nothing without a computer .
Everything in this world will work with computers from now on .
Computers changed my lifestyle , my opinion about the world .
And they affect everyone 's life directly or indirectly .
Dear Mrs M. Smith ,
I am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested .
First of all , the hotel is the Palace Hotel , 82 Regent Street , so it is very easy to reach the conference .
In fact , you can take bus number 3 ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass on your right hand .
Secondly , we will have the party in the hotel at 8.00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 8.30 p.m. It would be possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocktails free of charge . I would recommend your students to bring their Identity Card to prove their age .
What is more , I would suggest wearing a very smart dress and for men it is oblidged the tie .
Finally , if I were you , I would go shopping at the City Centre to spend your last hours .
However , if you re interested in Archeology , you should visit the History Museum in Garden Square .
I hope you will find my letter of interest and I look forward to seeing you .
Yours Sincerely ,
Have you ever thought about living without your car ?
How can you manage your daily life without it ?
In the last forty years , people seem to be completely addicted to using their own car .
It is said that the majority of citizens have got a car and , unfortunately , this is the reason why cities are getting more polluted .
On the other hand , this kind of facility has made our lives more comfortable and easy .
In fact , we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carrying luggage and shopping bags .
Cars are able to cover not only short distances but also can be used for long journeys .
For example , in the past it would have been extremely exhausting to travel on a hourse but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of options to choose from .
However , I have to say that it has made people lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic .
On the other hand , one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allow us to travel quickly .
That 's why I could n't imagine my life without it .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Thank you for your letter which I received last week .
If the student is ill , we will return the money , but you should tell us until one week before we start .
And you are staying at the Palace Hotel , which is located in the town centre .
You can take buses or our school buses .
It costs forty pence .
If you take public buses , it costs more than a school bus .
The end - of - conference party is going to start at seven o'clock .
One of our teachers , who will be voted by students , will make speeches for one hour .
After that , the student makes speeches about what he or she has learned . and dinner .
In my opinion , you should wear normal clothes .
I would like to suggest that you should visit building sixty two , which consists of the sixty second floor .
There are eye - max cinema , museums , garelty .
It is very famous in our city .
I hope that my advice will help you .
I look forward to hearing soon from you .
Yours sincerely
Pusan Castle
Pusan Castle is located in the South of Pusan .
This is the biggest and oldest in Pusan .
There are exhibits , historical things , picthurs and clothes .
It was built four hundred ago .
When you go up to the top of the castle , you can see the whole town .
and there is a very big park in the Castle .
Pusan Castle shows about Korea 's history from when one of our Kings made our country .
etc . and there are a lot of facilities in Pusan Castle .
Restuarant .
Shop specially for groups .
They can be given a discount .
What is more , every place is explained in English .
So you do not need to pamplat , but the entrance fee is a little expensive .
It cost ten pounds .
Fortunately , if somebody visits over ten people , they give them a discount .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith
With reference to your letter which I received yesterday , I would like to give you some details about the international student conference , also the accommodation and activities that are planned during this week .
The hotel that is booked for the students is one of the beast in the area . It has great facilities and it is situated near to the place where the conference is going to be .
The best way to get there from the hotel is by bus and it is already booked for the next day you arrive , at 8:30 am .
About the party , which is just at the end of the conference . . A good idea would be a dance party and the students do n't really need to wear special clothes . . It 's just to have a little dance and meet all the students . . After the party there is a small trip to the old part of the city and I think it would be a good choice to spend the last three hours that you have left before go back .
I hope this letter answers all your questions . If you whant to know more about it , just give me a call or send me a letter .
your sincerely
The aim of this report is to give some information about the new Acapulco resart buildings which were built 10 years ago and they are one of the first buildings that was built with the latest technology and made by an important Mexican arquitector .
In addition , the resort has an interesting historical background in architectural and the best facilities and activities that you could have in Mexico . For example , it provides different kinds of tours around Mexico .
On the contrary , it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
In spite of the disadvantages , I would strongly recommend students and the public to visit the new Acapulco resort buildings and have a great experience knowing about the buildings ' history and , at the same time , traveling around Mexico .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I am afraid to hear that Mr. Brown is ill . I hope it wo n't be grave .
However , I will be glad to give you as much information as you need and I hope you will find it helpful .
The name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay in is Palace Hotel . . To get there , you must go to the centre of town . All buses go there . Once you are in the centre , Palace Hotel is right in front of the tourism information office .
For the end - of - conference party , we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us with live music and cattering .
Since the hotel is such an elegant place , I would suggest dressing up in night clothes .
Finally , to fill your free afternoon , I would hardly recommend visiting the cathedral and having a walk around the old part of the city . If you like , it will be my pleasure to show you the souroundings .
Yours sincerely ,
Chairs are not only part of the forniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums as art symbols .
Who could have invented such a useful item ?
In fact , nobody has got this clue , but it must have been the most clever person on earth !
The world is packed with so many kinds of chairs , from the common wooden ones to the most sophisticate and comfortables , others find a tasty range of prices .
From my point of view , the chair is without a doubt the most useful gadget ever invented .
Some people use them for their work , others wish to get one by the end of the day and for some other people , a while chair represents the possibility of mouvement .
Although it is worth saying that not everybody can choose his ideal chair , there is a special one for each of us .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am glad to help you with the organisation of the conference .
I phoned the tourist information office last week and I got some information about the accommodation of the students .
I think we should book at the Palace Hotel .
It is an outstanding building situated in the city centre .
The hotel is in a good position , a 10 minute walk from the conference and I think the best way to reach it is on foot .
I am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town .
The conference starts at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and finishes at 7 pm .
I think they should wear smart clothes , because there will be lots of interesting people and important meetings .
In conclusion , for the last day , I thought it would be very interesting for the students to visit the town and appreciate its monuments and art .
On the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a pic - nic in the wonderful park .
I hope my suggestions and ideas will help you to organise the meeting .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Yours ,
REPORT :
TO : MR
FROM :
DATE : 21ST JUNE 2000
INTRODUCTION :
As requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitbility for a group of American students for the visit to the Etruscan Museum .
GENERAL INFORMATION :
The museum is situated in the centre of Populoniou , the picturesque fishing village on the Etruscan Coast .
Populoniou is about 15 Km . from Piombino and it can be reached by well - organised means of transport .
DESCRIPTION :
The Etruscan Museum is one of the most attractive buildings in my town .
It contains lots of archeological Etruscans founded and some remains of Etruscan neoropolis .
The entrance fee is £ 7 for each student .
POSITIVE ASPECTS
1 . The Museum is well - organised for tourists .
There are some shops , a café and toilets .
Also , there are some free phones that explain the history of the museum .
2 .
After their visit to the Museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the Tuscan Archipelago , and they could have a pic - nic on the beach .
NEGATIVE ASPECTS
1 .
The negative aspect of the museum is that it is quite expensive for students .
CONCLUSION :
Although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , I strongly recommend it for their excursion and their interests .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I am writing to give you some information you asked for in your letter , which I received this morning .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is one of the most comfortable hotels in London .
Personally , I am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities .
It is based in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference .
In my opinion , the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the Picadelly line .
However , you should take bus number 150 , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you have some free time also .
Regarding the end - of - conference party , I would suggest wearing some dress for a woman and an elegant suit for a man , though it is not formal .
The party will finish quite late , so we 've decided to provide a bus which would take you to the hotel safely .
Basicaly , for three hours in the afternoon , nobody is able to visit all of the interesting places in London .
However , you would have a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
I look forward to welcoming you .
Yours sincerely
Are you always happy when your telephone rings ?
As far as I am concerned , the telephone was invented in the 19th century .
It has been affecting our lives very quickly , although there are some different ways of communication , like TV , for instance .
Since the internet was introduced , many of us would n't have imagined our lives without this .
We were able even to have our own telephone kept in our pockets for some time .
However , are you always happy when your personal phone rings ?
On the other hand , I wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you could n't have your mobile switched on .
This invention has affected my life completely .
Since I have been traveling around the world , I would have imagined being in touch with my family or friends without the internet or my mobile phone .
In spite of having the opportunity to keep in contact with friends at times when we are far away from home , we should have knowledge of how to use it without interrupting others .
Dear Maria ,
Thank you for your letter .
I will be pleased to help you .
The following is some information about the International student conference .
The party will be take place in the Palace Hotel .
The hotel is very close to Town Hall .
From Park square , just go straight .
You can see the sign for a hotel .
This is an international student party , so I suggest you wear traditional clothes .
It looks nice and has a good meaning .
You can notice the students that they could make some traditional food for the party .
After the meal , you can play some games and prepare some gifts for the winner .
At the end of the conference , you can dance and sing together .
Here is my suggestion for this party .
If you still have some problem , you can call me .
Love from ,
Report on the building of LUTON University
I heard that a group of American students has just arrived in our town .
I want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit .
It is the main building of LUTON University in Park Square .
There is an academic building .
It includes a library .
II suit , academic rooms , a GYM Club and a restaurant .
There is a very big library .
You can find any information from it that you want .
The rest of the time , you can go to IT and use the Internet .
If you feel hungry , you do n't need to go out .
Just in the same building , you could find a restaurant .
I recommend this building to visit .
Because American students will know British students know how to study and about different campus life .
They can also talk with British students to communiate about their study experience .
I think it will be interesting for American students .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing with reference to your letter concerning the organization of an international student conference at Wimbledon Art College .
Below I am clarifying some information you asked about .
First of all , I would like to give you more information about the name and location of the hotel .
The group has been booked into the " Maria Luisa " hotel , which is situated in the center of Wimbledon , called Wimbledon Village .
This hotel is in the next building to Art College , so it will be easy for your group to find the place .
Secondly , turning to the end - of - conference party , it is planned to be in Wimbledon Common - a nice piece of English nature .
So , it may be a good idea to take some very comfortable and informal clothes .
Thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , I would suggest you to visit the Wimbledon Museum of Tennis .
Here is quite a good exposition there , giving interesting information about the history of Wimbledon Tennis Tournaments .
I look forward to meeting your group at our conference .
Yours sincerely ,
Report .
Introduction :
The purpose of this report is to give a brief description of the Academy of Art in St .- Petersburg .
From my point of view , this building is the best option to visit .
Location :
This building is situated on the magnificent embankment of the Niva River with an excellent view of the Hermitage Museum .
History :
The building was built by a very famous Russian architect and is a marvelous example of Russian classic architecture of the XVIIIth century .
Facilities :
In the Academy of Art you can find the oldiest art library with a wide range of books , the Museum of Russian Art with a huge collection of painting , sculpture and architectural projects from the early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries .
It is also a good chance to be introduced to the Russian system of art education .
Conclusion :
The building of the Academy of Art in St .- Petersburg is worth visiting and interesting in historical and educational aspects .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group of students attending the international conference .
It is my pleasure to help you with the information you need .
Your group has been booked into The Palace Hotel , located on the High street , opposite to the Post Office .
The conference will be held in The Royal Hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .
Take the 67 route and it will take you just in front of The Royal Hall .
The end - of - conference party will be held in Francescos Restaurant , just by The Royal Hall .
You should wear casual clothes .
About what you can do in the area for the free time you have , I would suggest you to visit The Modern Art Museum , which has a new exhibition .
Another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , or just walk through the Spring Gardens , which are beautiful at this time of the year .
I hope all this information is helpful for you .
Yours sincerely ,
The Telephone : A great invention .
Imagine your life without a telephone .
Yes , I know , it is just hard to imagine our lives without this invention .
Think about the people living at the time it was invented .
It must have been such an exciting thing to be able to talk to someone living thousands of miles away ........ and now for us it is just as simple as dialing a number and talking to whoever we want to .
Of course , it is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and emergency .
For example , I work for a bank , and we need to have weekly meetings with our Director living 800 kilometers away , and he does n't have to come here . We just have a phone conference where everybody can talk , and that is it !
What about emergencies ?
A phone call in time for an ambulance can save the lives of many people having a heart attack .
We sometimes do n't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life .
But think .... , what would we do without them ?
Dear Mrs Maria ,
I am one of all the students and I am going to give you information , all you need .
We have booked the hotel for you and the name of the hotel is " Palace Hotel " quite near the shopping centre .
It is not far away , you just go along Park Road for about ten minutes .
Then you will arrive at the Palace Hotel on the left handside .
About the end - of - conference party .
We are going to have a dinner before the end and at the end we are going to bring you to the hotel . You need to wear a night - dress or suit and bow tie .
Finally , on the last day , you have three hours before you catch the plane , so we think you can go to the shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to the museum , because this museum is the biggest in the world . It is up to you .
yours sincerely
To group leader
I am the student leader . We are grateful that your group has just arrived , so I am going to give you information about an interesting building to visit .
We recommend you to go to the BBC building .
First of all , the BBC building is the news building of England .
On the ground floor , they have a video camera everywhere around the building and police officers walk around the building as well .
Up on the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for sending and receiving information from all over the world , because they have a small BBC building all over the world .
For example , THAILAND , the United State of America , INDONISIA and CANADA .
And the second floor is the news room where they get an on - air show on TV . That is not finished . I am just giving you some information , but they have more interesting things you do not know .
I recommend this building because this building is in the centre of London and this building is the second most beautiful building in London , so that is why I recommend you to this building .
From the student leader .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
Thank you very much for your letter .
I would be very pleased if I could help you by answering all your enquiries .
The hotel which your students ' group has been booked into is the Palace Hotel .
It is fairly easy to get there from the conference .
I would suggest you to walk along New Street , which is the one next to the river , and in 10 minutes you will see the hotel on your right hand .
The hotel is just opposite to the City Hospital .
As you already possibly know , the end - of - conference party will take place at the main reception room at the same hotel .
You should be there by 7 o'clock in the evening .
To answer your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes .
However , if you wish to dress smarter , there is no problem at all .
With reference to the last afternoon , if I were you , I would visit the City Museum .
There are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country .
If you have any time left , you ought to go to the High Street , where you can go shopping .
Please , do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need any further information .
I look forward to meeting you at the conference .
Yours sincerely ,
INVENTIONS HAVE AFFECTED ALL OUR LIVES !
The invention , without no doubt , that has affected my own life by far is the car .
Cars have definitely changed all our lives , and I am not refering only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well .
Picture this : a big city such as London or New York with no cars on its streets .
Can you imagine it ?
To be honest , I ca n't .
Cars are part of our daily lives .
Traffic jams make people nervous , sometimes really upset and violent .
But , anyway , people use cars .
If we do n't use them , we suffer from them .
In my case , I use public transport during the week to go to work , but I could hardly imagine my weekends without my beloved car .
I really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and any other four - wheel motored vehicle .
Is n't that contradictorious ?
To go to the countryside and be able to breathe fresh , non - polluted air , I use my car , which , as far as I am concerned , does not help to maintain clean air at all .
Therefore , I am thinking of selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 10 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to all sort of fantastic places , and changed my life for a new life : whithout car .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I have just received your letter .
It was very bad news for Richard Brown .
I have given information about the international student conference .
Firstly , the conference will take place in the Palace Hotel and we get from our college there by bus .
The Number 45 bus runs there every 5 minutes .
It takes 25 minutes and that is convenient for us .
Secondly , there are some programmes that are really great .
The first time , the conference 's head made a short speech and then we had dinner and drinks .
Finally , we enjoy disco parties , so you should wear a suitable dress .
On the last day , I went to your house and then we thought about our conference plans .
I hope it will be a successful conference .
See you soon .
Yours sincerely
Alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Alice and Jane came back to her home .
Alice is Jane 's boy friend .
In the morning , they met and then they went to the beach .
It was nice weather and a beautiful time .
In the evening , they were going to a disco party that was Jane 's friend 's birthday party .
Jane suddenly thought about her house key that was left inside her house and Alice could see her house and he found the bathroom window was open .
So he climbed on the radder up to the window and he opened the door , but policemen came there . " What happened ? "
Jane explained the situation and they under stood him .
So they could go to the disco party .
It was a very wonderful party and they have never forgot that day .
It was a very , very special day .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I am writing to give you the information that you asked me for .
The group has been booked into the Harris hotel .
This hotel is a very good place .
From there you can get a taxi , catch the buses seven and eleven , which both have you very close to the conference place , and also you can go by underground to get there .
The conference starts at 5:30 pm and it finishes at 8:00PM .
Then , after the conference , there will be a formal party at the group 's hotel , which starts at 9:00 PM and finishes at 12:00 AM .
This party is a formal one , so you should be casual dressed .
In this area , you could visit the central park .
It is very beautiful and a very good place to relax .
Another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathedral of the city .
I hope this information will be useful for you .
Yours Sincerelly
Hampton Court Palace
Introduction :
I have been asked for information on an interesting building to visit .
I went to Hampton Court last year , and I think it is a great place to visit .
Location :
Hampton Court palace is located in Hampton Court .
In addition to that , I think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty .
transport :
To get to Hampton Court palace , you need to take a train from Waterloo train station .
From there , take the trains to Hampton Court .
Moreover , I think by train is the best way to get there , because Hampton Court train station is very close to Hampton Court palace .
Price :
There is a great price for children , students , adults and families .
They are between three and six pounds each .
Conclusion :
Hampton Court Palace is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see .
And also it would be an excellent chance for this group of American students to see it .
To : Mrs. Smith
Thank you for your letter , which arrived the second .
June .
I am very pleased to help to organize this Conference in our College , which will be held at the Conference Centre at Bromley College starting on 20th June for 3 days .
Please find information you requested as follows :
We have booked the hotel for the group .
Called " Palace Hotel " , which is about 10 miles away from our College , the hotel will have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on 19th of June and then take the group to the Conference and return to the hotel every day .
Regarding the end - of - conference party .
We have planned a barbecue at 5 oo pm . on our most idyllic play field which is over looking the endless countryside and farms .
At 7:00pm .
We can move to our student hall to have a disc dance until 10:00pm .
On the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel , then we all set up to sightsee Bromley town center for about two hours before you leave for the airport .
Bromley town center is the most beautiful shopping centre in South East London .
There are many historical buildings that remain .
I think the students will enjoy this sightseeing .
If there is any further discussion , please let me know .
Yours . faithfully ,
How wonderful " light " is
We need light every day , not just at night time .
We need lamp lights in offices or schools or some places during the day time .
It is wonderful life is after the invention of light .
Here we are just talking about the light we invented apart from natural light .
When I was small , we lived in a country yard . I remembered , we used to have oil lamps which used a cotton string dipped in the oil in the small bottle and made it burn the tip of the cotton string to give us light during the night time , it was very little light on , and many things we could n't do under the oil lamps because the light range was very small .
There was no light outside our house , no light on the road or field either .
I was always very scared whenever or wherever , because of most places .
Covered by dark , dark and dark .
This scary dark is still affecting my life now .
I never stayed out after dark today except accompanied by my family .
The biggest person on the earth who invented the light is Einstein .
He created another day time after sunset . People use it to do anything they want to do . . We believe we ca n't live without light today , especially in city life . We have a long time to spend doing the activities after the sun , going to bed .
Which we definitely need light to keep on . I dare to say , without light , our life will go into a dark , dark hell .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing to you to answer your question about the conference in London . Thank you for your letter .
I am very pleased to know you have decided to come to the " II International Conference of Human Rights " which will be celebrated in Albert Hall college next 25th of June .
I would like to inform you that the group you belong to , has been booked in the Palace Hotel , in the center of London , from the 24 June until 25th of June .
The Albert Hall College , the building where we will be attending the conference , is sited near Green Park Avenue ; so , to get there from the Palace Hotel , you can take the bus number 26 , otherwise , you can take the Picadilly Line from South Kensigton Station to green Park station .
It takes about 10 minutes .
Therefore , that 's the faster mode of transport you can choose .
The conference will start at 9 am on 25 June and will finish at about 6 pm on the same day .
During the day there is supposed to be a break of half an hour at 12 p.m and finally , a party for all the people who will be there .
That will be a smart party and because of this , it will require a well - dressed and immaculate presence .
Ladies should wear an evening dress and men a dark suit .
As I can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you catch your plane , so , I would suggest visiting The Tate Modern Museum , where you will find several interesting pictures , such as Dali 's Warhols .
If you need some more information or details about the conference , you can contact Alexia on 0033 * * * phone .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give some suggestions to a group of American students who have just arrived in Rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit .
Rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings . For this reason , I would suggest them visit
1 ) " Fontana di Trevi " sited in Trevis Square in the center of Rome .
That 's a small square where there is a fountain .
It was built by Canovas architects in 1638 .
That is the fountain where the " Dolce Vita " was filmed .
2 ) On the other hand , there is the Villa Borghese Building . That is a museum where they can find the most important sculptures and pictures of Antonio Canovas and Bernini , who stayed for a long time working in Rome .
CONCLUSION
I would recommend the buildings because :
1 ) First of all , they are sited in the center of Rome , so , they can take a bus to get them to and around the city .
2 ) Secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they can have something to eat or to drink in the " pizzerias ' and restaurants near these famous places .
In conclusion , they could combine art , history and the night visiting one place without spending much money .
Dear Marie ,
I am sorry to hear that our friend Mr Brown is ill .
As our conference is due to start next week , I responded straight away .
There is some information you have asked me about .
We booked rooms for your group at the Palace Hotel .
That is the best option because it is located less than a 5 minute walk from the Conference Center .
When you leave a hotel , you have to turn right and you go down the street .
At the first traffic light , turn right again and you should see a big blue building .
That 's our Conference Center .
At the hotel reception , you will find printed information on how to get over there .
As you know , at the end - of - conference there is a party .
The party is due to start at 8 p.m until 3 a.m. There is a 2hr break between the end - of - conference and the party .
At this time , you and your group can refresh themselves .
I would like to mention that because our conference is a dress - code party .
Hope you will enjoy it .
We prepared some special attractions like live dance music and a hot or cold buffet .
About your last question , I can suggest visiting the Royal Castle .
That will give you and your guests an impression of our country and history .
Yours sincerely ,
In our town , there are so many interesting places to see that it is hard to choose one .
In my opinion , the most interesting is the Castle .
It is located on a hill , so it is very easy to recognize when it is .
Just look up and you will see that huge building .
Actually it is a whole complex , the Old and the New Castle , Cathedrall and the most interesting undergroud part with its amazing crypts .
And if you climb to the top of the main tower , the Keep , you will see an unforgettable view of a white town .
After that , you can explore our great museum at the Old Castle .
You will find an amazing collection of old weapons , armores and , we are especially proud of it , the great collection of swords .
After that , I am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurants located at the New Castle .
I am sure that should be enough for a one day trip .
For you information , I can say that at this time we have a five week festival and tonight there will be a great display .
That should complete that amazing day .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing this letter in reply to your letter which arrived yesterday .
I do welcome you and your group , and I am willing to help you by giving the information that you have asked me for .
Firstly , let me explain the way from the PALACE HOTEL , where your group will be staying , to the conference .
The hotel is located in the centre of Seoul , therefore there are many ways to get to the conference .
The easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 20 minutes .
The map will be given to you on the day of your arrival .
Secondly , the end - of - conference party will be held in the Palace Hotel 's Percel Room and starts at 6 o'clock in the evening .
Professor Kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that , dinner will be served .
The party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner .
Finally , I would like you to recommend the visit to a traditional Korean palace , Kyong Bok , for the last day 's free time .
It will be a very interesting visit for students who have never experienced an oriental atmosphere .
It is just a 5 minute walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel gate , an airport bus will be waiting for you to take you to the airport after finishing the outing .
I hope you will enjoy your stay in Korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information .
I look forward to seeing you soon ,
Yours sincerely ,
.
Report on Kyoung Bok Palace - the Glory of Chosun Kingdom .
.
Introduction .
This report provides information about Kyong Bok Palace , which is highly recommended to visit for visitors from foreign countries .
It highlights the background history and considers the interests of young people , and makes a final recommendation .
.
History .
The kingdom of Chosun has a history of 500 years and lasted until the beginning of the 20th century .
Kyong Bok Palace was the main residence of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size .
As the kings of Chosun loved to be a part of nature , the palace had a huge garden , but it was destroyed by the army of Japan , and now there remains only a part of the original palace .
There is a special monument for the last queen of Chosun who was killed by the Japanese army .
.
Activity .
The reason that this palace is also popular for youngsters , who tend to dislike the historical visits , would be the various activities .
You can try the traditional games of Korea and there is a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the Royals .
Also , there are performances which are held daily at the front gate of the palace .
.
Final Recommendation .
It is out of the question not to visit Kyong Bok Palace unless you do not want to know about Korean history .
You will find many interesting points there , therefore , I urge you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of Korea .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about the international student conference and give some ideas and suggestions of what you and your students can do during your free time here .
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take you and your students too much time to get to the town hall where the conference is supposed to be held .
The easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take buses 461 or 176 ( the bus stop is opposite to the hotel ) or we can hire a minibus for you , but there is an extra charge for it .
There is a party on the last day of the conference .
Special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best .
Less of the party is likely to be like our night club , so a lot of music , dancing and fun are provided .
Please note that the alcoholic drinks are only sold until 11 pm .
You can wear whatever you like for this kind of party .
Coming back to ideas and suggestions , I'v promised to give you a free afternoon before you catch your plane . I can advise you to visit our zoo or to for a picnik in a park before you go to the evening party .
Yours sincerely ,
Can you see how many inventions you are surrounded with in your life ?
Such simple and usual things like a telephone , a car , a computer , only seem to be normal and usually for us ( or we have gotten used to ) as we use them every day .
A hundred years ago , people could n't even use an electric lump , not talking about a car or computer .
They have had intentions to improve our lives a lot since they appeared , but not everyone believes it is really so .
Some people say that many of the important inventions in our lives are not so good and useful as we have gotten used to seeing them .
First of all , they talk about the environmental pollution which cars and other vehicles cause , overspending electricity using electric equipment and some others .
But in my opinion , if inventions take a place in our lives , they are right then .
I think the telephone is the most important thing in many people 's lives as it allows you to be able to get in touch with anyone , , no matter wherever you are ( I am talking about mobile phones , which now have a majority of our choice ) .
Computers make everything much faster , so everything is now based on computer systems .
The electric lamp was an important invention a hundred years ago ( but for that time it was like a revolution ) .
I think it would n't be possible to survive without an electric life .
Because of shipbuilding development , people can make geographical discoveries , and automobile transport is an undenyable necessity in our lives .
All said , I am more likely to think that the benefits and advantages of people 's inventions are much greater than all their disadvantages .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I have just read your letter and I am happy to help by giving you some further information .
According to your first question , at the time of the conference the students will be staying at the Palace Hotel , where the reservations have been made .
It is situated near to our college , about five minutes ' walk from the nearest tube station , which is South Wimbledon .
As you were informed , there will be a party for all attendants of the conference , which will take place afterwards at the hotel restaurant .
Minding the fact that it will be an entirely sociable meeting , I believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event .
Finally , answering your last question about students ' day - out , I suggest visiting the local Lawn tennis Museums and Wimbledon Tennis Courts as they are one of the best international tourist attractions .
If you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I look forward to seeing you .
Yours sincerely ,
TO : Leader of the group of American students
FROM :
DATE : 12.06.2001 .
SUBJECT : recommendations of a place to visit
INTRODUCTION :
The aim of this report is to give a description and recommendation of the most interesting building in the town .
GENERAL INFORMATION :
The place I would like to recommend is the seventienth - century Royal Palace .
It is situated in the heart of Warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of an Old Town .
There is a square old market with the magnificent statue of the King Zygmunt , in the centre of it .
FACILITIES :
.
Inside the Palace , there is a museum with an antique collection of porcalaine .
.
There is also a Portrait Gallery on the left wing of the Palace .
.
The Old Town is the best place for an afternoon stroll with a great number of restaurants , caffes and street performers .
.
There is easy reach to cashpoints , lavatories , emergency services , etc .
POSITIVE POINTS
.
It is easy to get there by any sort of public transport .
.
There are a number of hotels or youth hostels to stay overnight , if necessary .
.
Most of the admissions are absolutely free .
NEGATIVE POINTS
.
A part of the Palace might be closed , due to the constant renovations .
.
All the facilities are usually overcrowded during the summer holiday .
CONCLUSION :
Despite the few drawbacks , I would strongly recommend the Royal Palace as the most suitable place to visit for foreign students .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith
I am replying to your letter for the help you need .
I am pleased to give you the information you need for the group .
The hotel I was booked is the Palace Hotel , which is in the center of London , just two blokes from Victoria station .
I think it is the most convenient for the group . . You know , the Victoria area is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city . . The hotel is cling , and has good service . The rooms are dobuels and they have their own bathroom and for the nomber of student we get a good Valud . and the best way to get the College for the Conference is walking to the Victoria station get the tram to Glouster Road and 3 blokes to the letur hand you will found the College .
However , I am going to make a plan for exchange students with all of the details and advantages .
About the party at the end of the conference , we are organising in the same hotel which has a nice salon .
It will be good for the younger group . You do n't need to move to another place .
We 'll have drink and food and music for dance .
It is not a formal party , so I think it is fine to wear something not too formal .
I want to give suggestions for the last day . You and your group should go to Green Park and visit the Queen House and the Parlamente . . This area is very nice and the group would engoin after the conference , get French earlier . Another option could be the new tell galery I never been there but could be a good esxuse for visite It with you .
I have been hearing about the Ave they have in Exivicuion is interesting .
I hope you found this letter and if you have any questions , let me know .
I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
Yoors sincerely
Inventions have affected all our lives .
The Computer was invented 30 years or so ago and the the lake of procesing information with a big cad was perfect and made a smol hold and an hold meaning something called a Codig .
The machine that was used for reading this cad was too big . You needed a room for our computer .
I remember when I had the fare lesson at university and the teacher took me to the Computer Center and I saw these machins all over my college and my learning was very difficult . I know how you can work on these kinds of computers .
These days , the computer is part of your own life . You use it all the time , sometimes time you do something or another . Just about everything you need to do , like going to the bank , use transportation , going shopping , etc . is a maching make the life easy and ibendow you can cari it every where is amaising the way as the fas the computer changes the programas are mor quicks and For useful and practicals
But the computer has bad features too , which means we live a life daily dependent on it .
So I feel ascere when I think about the circumstances if some of the viruses or mad people make bad use of these days with sex or other things .
I work with children and the computer helps my job too .
So I hope the Wold meke Consense and the Inguener in Compueter work have in estop these problems because some good could be something very dangerous .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to give you some advice about an international student conference .
First of all , the name of the hotel which we have been booked into is Palace Hotel .
And we have two choices to get to the conference , a bus or a train .
Both of them are as convenient as getting there .
The day before we will leave there , we will have a party which will take place in our hotel .
It is a kind of formal party , so we should be well - dressed .
I suggest that you wear a formal dress .
There are some finger foods and drinks .
It might be a great party for the end of the conference .
End of all , in my opinion , we could go to the center of the town because there are many places to have a look and go shopping .
It 's quite a nice and a suitable place to spend three hours .
It could be interesting for them .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Imagine our life without a telephone .
If the telephone had been invented , we would n't have lived perfectly like nowadays .
Would n't you think we rely on it more than we expect ?
A telephone is used when we need to contact someone , and also during in emergency situations and the internet .
There are various ways to use it . However , nowadays it is not only used for these purposes , but also keeps our company .
Even if you feel alone , you can talk and hear from your friend easily .
Then it makes you happy .
A long time ago , people lived without this perfect invention .
But how ?
They used to keep in touch with someone with a letter .
In spite of taking a lot of time to catch up , it was the only way .
So that 's why they have invented the telephone .
Now we can feel the world closer and closer because of the telephone .
Who would n't be thankful for this great invention ?
Dear Madam ,
I received your letter and I 'm pleased to answer your questions .
M. Brown has booked rooms in the Palace Hotel .
This is a first class hotel .
The easiest way from the hotel to the conference is by bus .
There is a bus stop in front of your hotel .
Take the bus to the center of town .
After four stops , we got off the bus .
The name of this bus stop is ' Kongresshaus ' .
If you leave the bus , the conference is in the house opposite the road .
You must n't miss it .
Afterwards , we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go to a disco .
For the disco , you must wear blue jeans .
Finally , on your last day , I propose you do a sightseeing tour in our town .
It takes you two hours .
Afterwards , you will have some time to buy some souvenirs from Switzerland .
If you have any more questions , write to me .
Yours sincerely ,
I will write about the invention of the computer .
With the computer , our work is easier and more interesting .
Before the time of computers , people had to write entire letters .
When they correct a word , they have to write the whole letter again .
With the computer , we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writing the whole letter again . We save the letter and in three weeks we can send it to another person .
I work at a bank and I work all day on computers .
If we did get one , we had to write all the transactions on papers .
If I order money from our bank with the computer , I can be sure that it will arrive the day after .
But if I had to write a letter and send it by post , the money would arrive two or three days later .
I have never worked without a computer , but if we had any , we would find it normal .
Mrs Maria Smith ,
I 'm pleased to be able to help you with the international student conference .
The hotel in which the group has been booked to is the Palace hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of Mont Blanc .
To get from the hotel to the conference , you have to take the highway indirection of Lausanne , and after nearly half an hour of driving , you arrive at the place which is indicated as Coppet , Divonne .
When you come out , just go on your right , and then turn left to follow the indications to the Châtaigneroie school .
The end - of - conference party will take place at the same place .
Some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food .
You should wear some formal clothes , but it 's not necessary ; really pretty clothes .
For three hours , you could visit the museum of the Red Cross , which is very interesting .
I hope that this information will help you .
Yours faithfully ,
The portable phone is a very useful invention !
During all mankind 's history , there were discovers who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that the biggest discoveries were made .
When the phone without cable was invented , one was n't sure if it would be a success or not .
But the research went on , and the portable phone is getting smaller and more useful .
The portable phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem .
Moreover , some portable phones have a connection to the web , so it is easy to read newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy one .
Personally , the mobile phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is phoning at home , I do n't have to rush to take the phone , being afraid that it 's too late .
I recommend this extremely important invention to those who still do n't have a portable phone .
Dear Maria ,
I would be pleased to help you with all your questions and I will provide you with some information which you need as much as I can .
I would like to inform you that Centeral Red Lion Hotel has been booked for the accommodation of the group and it will be quite easy to get every where from the hotel on foot during your stay .
As you know , we arrange an evening party on the third day of the week . We can call that it a kind of relaxation time .
Nothing will be special .
The place is a college garden .
It is 7 pm .
There is no need to bother about clouths .
Everybody can put on something casual .
Before living in England , I suggest you visit the cannals and small villages around Basingstoke . You could find opportunities to see the country 's life .
Yours sincerely ,
Time flies
I have to admit that whoever invented cars and transportation vehicles made the most respectable invention of the world .
I say that it must be the most important thing for us because it saves us time so fast .
Can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus ?
Maybe 10 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot .
Try to imagine your life without having anyof them .
It would n't be unbarable and painful .
Ceartainly it would be just like mine .
Because I live in a rural area far from any village , town , or city centre .
The nearest civilization takes me 1 hour on foot .
I have no car , no local bus service to use .
Even coming to Basingstoke seems like an international journey to me .
And ofcause this stops me everytime I live a sociable life .
But I am also aware of that time flies for me . I must do whatever I want before it is too late .
And I have to confess the invention of the car was the most useful invention for humanity .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take part in our international student conference .
If you need more information , I will answer all your questions with pleasure .
Firstly , the Palace Hotel has been booked for your group .
It is one of the most comfortable hotels in our city and is situated only half a mile from the main building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot .
Secondly , our end - of - conference party includes dinner and dancing . I would advise you to wear something not very formal .
Finally , you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local historical places ( castles , built in the 13-th century ) or an art gallery , as well as the beautiful Bodnant garden .
I am looking forward to the meeting with you and mutual work during the conference .
Your sincerely
There are many different people 's inventions around us .
We are so used to them , that sometimes think they always existed .
Some of them are very practical , others are rather strange .
I think that one of the most important and affecting life inventions is the telephone .
Imagine life without a phone .
You are on the road , you have a car accident .
What are you going to do without a phone ?
In another situation , your son is ill . He needs help urgently .
I am sure the phone has saved many lives .
Besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only to chat at any time .
Thanks to the phone , it is possible even your mom is on the other end of the Earth .
To be honest , the next great invention for people , the computer , ca n't work if you haven't got the phone .
So I am very grateful to the man who invented it . Unfortunately , I have forgotten his name .
It always happens with people , does n't it ?
Try to ask who invented the will or the book .
Chêne - Bourg , Tuesday 12th June .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
It is with great regret that I hear of Mr Brown 's illness , and hope to see him soon in excellent health .
Nevertheless , I am both pleased and honoured to meet you and your group in the context of our international meeting .
We have made arrangements for you to stay at the Palace Hotel .
Furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a bus shuttle has been organised to pick all our guests from the hotel to the conference room .
The end - of - conference party is to be held at the ' Royal Room ' of the hotel , which has an outstanding reputation for its quality and seriousness .
Therefore , all guests will be asked to wear the corresponding clothes in order to be accepted .
As for the three hours of free time , I strongly suggest you to check - in your lugage at the airport and then , after a five - minute bus ride , spend your time in the marvellous ' Old City ' .
Best Regards ,
My fair Mobile Phone .
The technological revolution taking place today can be directly linked to the amazing evolution of our communication abilities throughout the last few years .
The inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our ordinary life is , of course , the mobile phone .
It is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has become a necessary condition in some professional activities .
Trades , politicians and taxi drivers are but a few examples of such needs .
However , the common man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes when in the hands of a high - school student .
It has become a real obsession for the average student , as they use it before lessons , during lessons , during lunch and , especially , during examinations ...
Nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such an usage is to communicate information during an exam , since its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during everyday courses .
The bottom line is that any teacher complaining about this situation should confiscate the student 's phone , but not his parents ' !
Dear Mrs. Smith ,
I have just received the letter from you and I 'm writing to you as soon as possible .
I can promise you that I 'll do my best to help you .
You told me that you are the leader of a group of students this year , because Mr. Brown is ill .
Poor Mr. Brown . I hope he will get better soon .
As I 've just checked , the group has been booked into The Palace Hotel .
The best way to get from there to the conference is by coache , that I have arranged for you .
The driver , Mr. Olsson , has worked for us ever since .
He will pick you up at 11 oo a.m. The conference is from 12 oo to 2 oo p.m. At the end of the conference there is a party from 2 oo to 3 oo .
I suggest you wear comfortable and nice clothes because I have planned a sightseeing tour for you before your plane at 8 p.m. I 'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that belong to the palace .
Then we can have a rest in the cafe and talk before our flight home .
I think I have given you all the important information .
I hope to see you all soon ,
Yours sincerely ,
Nowadays , motorization is one of the most important inventions .
As you look around , everybody has a car or motorcycle .
No matter that people started to worry more about pollution in the world .
Let me tell you how the invention of the motorcycle has affected my life .
I love motocycles and I do n't think I could live without them .
I have been driving a motorcycle since I was 16 years old .
My My my brother used to go to rock concerts .
We have met a lot of people there as mad about motorcycles as we were .
We were avenging races and trips .
We were driving motocycles a few days before we finally got to mitting points .
I really enjoy riding my motorcycle .
People say that is dangerous . I do n't think so .
When I drive , it is only me and my motorcycle .
Before me and after me are my friends that I like and trust .
And around me , nature that I can watch and enjoy while we shop in a foreign camp .
We can go to any place we like , avoid traffic and full buses , trains , etc .
I am really grateful to the people who invented the first motorcycle in the world .
I feel very bad about that . I do n't know who it was .
On the other hand , no matter that , I feel very good about that because that invention has changed and affected my life and the people I care about , has affected my life in a very best way .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Thank you very much for your letter .
As you asked me in the letter , I am very happy to help you with finding out details of the conference .
The hotel that your group will be staying at is the Palace Hotel .
It is reasonably near to the college , so it may be very good to walk from the hotel along the River Thames following yellow signs on sunny days .
If it rains , you can take bus 54 that stops in front of the college .
The end - of - conference party is designed to give rough ideas about many different cultures .
So you will enjoy traditional foods , music , dances and games from all over the world .
As a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear a costume of her country .
Other members of groups can wear a normal pretty formal dress .
On the last day , I recommend that you visit the place that is located in the centre of our city .
It is about 1000 years old , so I am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it .
Yours sincerely ,
Can you imagine your life without any computers at all ?
Well , I am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a dessert !
If you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear that the invention of computers has certainly had a significant impact on all our lives .
For example , all infrastructure , such as transport and power stations is run using computers . . The government uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all services and businesses , such as hospitals and supermarkets , use them as essential capital .
In other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers .
So I am sure from this that it is convincing enough to say that the invention of computers is really important .
From my personal experience , I can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool .
It improves the productivity of my homework , which is often essay writing , and also allows me to access the internet .
Since I live abroad , the internet is really useful for me to have contact with my bestfriend and to know what is going on in my home country .
To sum up , I can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers , which has affected both individuals and society as a whole .
Dear Mrs. Smith ,
I am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year 's international conference .
The conference will be held at The Palace Hotel on Old Street .
There will be signs to follow from Central train station .
The conference is commensing on 31st June 2001 from 10.00 - 15.00 .
A light lunch will be provided .
After the conference , there will be a relaxing party .
There is no dress code for the party .
However , I suggest you could wear the same outfit as you wear for the conference .
I have included the local map . There are some ideas on the back of the map .
Please let me know if you would like to book one of the city - walk tours . We have arranged special discounts for the conference attendance .
Personally , I recommend the Dicken 's tour because it is a good length of walk and very historical .
I hope that I have covered all the information you would need and look forward to seeing you .
Yours sincerely ,
P.S. Please find the enclosed map .
There are several interesting buildings in the city of London .
I believe Liverpool Street Station is at the top of the list .
The building itself looks grand and elegant .
Despite the fact that this building has served half - a million commuters a day , it is always clean and functional .
There are two parts of Liverpool Street Station that make it an interesting building .
The newly decorated section is a fairly modern style with escalators and touched - screen ticket machine .
It is also very well linked to the old underground station , which is such a contrast in transformation .
The old bit is rather unique and charming .
You could really imagine what it looked like in the old days .
There is another surprising section in this building .
At the far back of the station , it is also connected to a spacious , well designed pedestrians park .
It is a good example of a great architectural that was designed to provide services to the public .
Finally , it is in the heart of the city and everyone will be able to find it without doubt .
12 June 2001
Dear Mrs Smith
Thank you for your letter dated 8 June 2001 .
I hope I can give you the information you need .
So the conference will be a great experience for you and your group .
Your group will stay at the Palace Hotel .
The Palace Hotel is situated in the town centre next to the railway station .
A free shuttel - bus gets you to the conference - centre .
The bus leaves at 8 a.m. at the front entrance of the hotel .
The end - of - conference party is played in a rented and on the greenground .
There will be a barbecue , a place to dance and many more .
It was a surprise !
I suggest wearing leisure - clothes to the party .
The last afternoon , you could go on a city - tour , visit the museum of Fine Arts or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the common park .
I hope I can give you some ideas . I look forward to seeing you .
Yours sincerely ,
What would life be without the phone ?
Have you ever thought about a world without the phone ?
How was it in the 19th century with no opportunity to communicate by phone and what would it be like now ?
I can not imagine what our life would be like .
We are living in a busy world .
In the business world , you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients , to make appointments , to order an article , etc . ; Then , time is money !
How has the phone affected my own life ? I think that is a good question to think about . I could not call my friends from another city and just say " hello " .
It would be difficult and take more time to make an appointment .
So , what did the phone - revolution do for us ?
It saves time .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for help .
I hope I will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference .
Firstly , the Palace Hotel is waiting for you and your students .
The best way to get from there to the college where the conference will take place is simply to walk .
Actually , the college is situated 500 meters away from the hotel .
As you know , the conference will be followed by a party .
It will begin at 7 p.m and last until late in the evening .
You do n't need to worry about what you should wear to this event .
In fact , the purpose of the end - of - conference party is to relax after a busy day , so you and your students can put jeans and sports shoes on .
To conclude , we decided to organize a guided tour by coach , as you have an afternoon free before your plane takes off .
I hope the international student conference will help us to know each other better and that it will be a success .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for information on an interesting building to visit .
There are so many places of interest in Lausanne , but I think that the Olympic Museum is the most notable for the following reasons :
The Olympic Museum dates from the 19th century and is the biggest in Europe .
It shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first Olympic Games in Greece .
You can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes have gradually been made to improve them .
You can admire every kind of equipment you need to do any particular sport .
You will be informed about the history of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used nowadays in high competitions .
The museum is near the city center and is accessible by bus or walking .
It will take you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor , well - known for being one of the best establishments in Lausanne .
I hope my recommendations will help you with the choice of a building to visit .
Yours faithfully ,
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I 'm writing in response to the letter we have received from you , in order to let you know all the information you have asked for .
First of all , your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , Main - Road 21 , which is situated not far from our college .
I 'd suggest you walk . It will only take you about seven minutes .
Just follow Main - Road until you reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along Denl - a - Lion Road .
The college is a huge , yellow building - you ca n't miss it .
Secondly , you have requested information about the end - of - conference party .
It will begin at 6 o'clock p.m. and last until midnight .
All the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well .
The location of the party is n't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival .
There is no need to put on special clothes for the party , casual ones should do it as well , for we want everyone to feel comfortable .
Last but not least , I will give you some ideas of where to spend your free afternoon .
I 'd suggest you to visit our local museum , as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment .
Provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or take a tour through our beautiful town .
( I could book a guide for you if you 're interested )
Please write back or call me if there is any more information you need .
I 'm looking forward to meeting you and wish you all the best .
Yours sincerely ,
The telephone , a blessing .
Who of you could imagine life without the telephone ?
Not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop in for a moment ?
Not being able to lie to your mother - in - law and pretend you ca n't attend her garden party because of an illness , without having to look her in the eye ?
When Alexander Graham Bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea of how popular it would be one day .
Its first application was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person .
Nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one could imagine life without it .
Take me , for example . I use it whenever there is a problem and I need some advice , or when I have to call off a meeting for any reason .
I can not always walk to the person and say " Sorry , I must cancel our meeting " , because then it 's too late anyway , is n't it ?
Life definitely would n't be the same without the invention of the telephone .
We use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on .
Just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so .
So do n't take the telephone for granted , but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I would like to thank you for your letter .
I am sorry to learn that Richard Brown will not attend the conference .
Please give him my best wishes for his recovery .
We have booked rooms for all members of your group at the Palace Hotel .
It is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building , approximately one mile away .
There is a direct bus link between the two locations : this is bus line number six ; the bus station for the conference building is called " Avenue de cour " and the one at the Palace Hotel is named " Main station " .
Concerning the party , we do not have a casual dressing code .
Students usually wear dark clothes with a tie for the boys and a medium - long skirt or dress for the girls .
There are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon .
I would like to suggest visiting the " Ethnographic Museum , , which is kind of unique in the world .
Looking forward to meeting you soon .
I remain , yours sincerely .
The car :
I think that the car is one of the human inventions that has the most affected the way of life of people from industrial countries .
Nowadays , more than a percent of the world 's industry is related to the automotive business : car manufacturing , gasoline extracting and refining , tyre recycling , and so on .
The industrial countries have encountered a deep evolution of their strictures since the car has been made available to everyone .
At the beginning of the last century , only a few very rich people could afford a car ; it was a kind of leisure or sport to drive one .
Today , almost everyone owns a car and needs it for daily activities .
The transport network has changed according to this social evolution .
The increasing number of cars related and infrastructure are now creeting problems .
A lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and environmental issues are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries .
People and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the environment without impacting on their mobility .
This will be a tough challenge for this new century .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
My name is Juniper . I am helping to organise the conference at the college .
I received your letter the other day and I am writing to answer your questions .
The group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is not very far from the place where the conference will be held .
You can take the No.41 bus from the hotel to the conference . It only takes ten minutes approximately .
As for the end - of - conference party , it will be on the morning of the last day , starting at 9:00 .
All the students and staff will join together in the hall .
They can play games and talk about personal experiences .
The main aim of it is to strengthen friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world .
So it would be fine if you wore casual clothes and looked smart .
I have made arrangements for the afternoon on the last day for you .
If you are free , I will show you around our college .
You can visit our newly - built science lab as well .
I 'm sure you will acquire a lot of knowledge there .
I 'm looking forward to meeting you .
Best wishes .
Best choice
Welcome to London .
You asked me for an interesting building to visit .
my opinion , I 'll recommend the British Museum .
One of the reasons is that you can learn almost everything about British history there .
The museum looks very old as some other buildings in London , but it is very modern inside .
After going through the enormous main door , you can see a huge white round building which is a library .
A lot of famous people have been to this library before !
The British Hall is on the first floor , not far from the library .
It shows a large number of valuable things .
Almost each one tells you a story or gives you a picture of British history .
I 'm sure all the students will get a wonderful lesson !
Apart from the national history , there are more content about the past of the world .
You can go to many sections , such as Asia Hall , Egypt Hall , European Hall and so on .
Countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day to appreciate .
After a visit to the British Museum , you will be certainly able to put your history textbook away !
Also , you do n't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient , therefore the British Museum is your best choice . Do n't be hesitant any more !
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing to you to give you information about the conference .
The hotel your group has been booked into is called the Palace Hotel .
It is simple to find the way from this hotel to the conference .
You only need to cross the street in front of your hotel .
There you will find a modern building with two different doors , a red and a blue one .
You are asked to take the blue door .
After entering , you will see the signed conference room .
We organized an end - of - conference party on the day before your departure .
Everyone is welcome to join this party to get to know each other in a good atmosphere .
You should wear nice and comfortable clothes .
This is an informal party .
I suggest you visit the old part of Zurich or go to the zoo before your departure .
I am looking forward to meeting you at the conference .
If there are any questions left , please contact me .
Yours sincerely ,
The Most Important Invention
I love baking cakes , cockies and breads .
Baking is a passion and in the town I live , I 'm known for making the best cakes in the area .
It does n't matter what kind of mood I am , I can do it all the time and it makes me feel good .
But I could n't bake without an oven .
I 'm so grateful for this invention which allows me to live my passion .
I think the oven is one of the most important inventions .
If there is someone who does n't agree with me , he or she should try to live one month without using the oven .
Besides that , he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys .
I 'm positive that after such an experience , everyone says that the oven is a really important invention for our lives .
I 'm thanking the person who invented the oven .
Thank you !
Dear Mrs. Smith ,
I am writing in reply to your letter .
I am sorry about Richard Brown .
And I understand that you need help , so I will help you as far as I can .
Firstly , the hotel which ha been booked for you is the Palace Hotel that is located close to the conference .
In order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will offer .
Secondly , the end - of - conference party will take place in the same hall as the conference at 6 p.m. , which includes dinner and an announcement by the president of the conference .
The party is arranged as a casual party . . Therefore , you can wear comfortable clothes . You can expect to meet many students from other schools as well .
Finally , if you want to have an exciting experience here , I strongly suggest that you go to the musicals .
As you may have heard , our city is well known for its musicals .
Or , if you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated ten minutes ' on foot from the hotel .
Whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice .
If you have more questions about the conference or something else , do not hesitate to ask me . I would be glad to be able to help you .
Yours sincerely ,
Some inventions are not regarded as great things even though life without them can not be imagined .
People do not have an impression on important inventions any more , because they have been getting more popular and common .
However , there is something which is still believed that it was an extremely important invention .
This is electricity invented by Edison .
From my point of view , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most of the machines , appliances and equipment which are used in modern times can be operated with only electricity , which makes people not do too much physical labour .
What is more , many inventions have been accelerated by electricity .
In my life , I use electricity in many different ways .
At night , I can study because of it . and also it saves me time which would be used up for doing housework such as laundry , cleaning rooms and ironing .
It makes my life more convenient than without it .
To sum up , although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention any more , the fact that electricity is one of the most important inventions in the world will not be changed .
12th June 2001
Dar Mrs. Maria Smith ,
I am very glad to help you with the International Student Conference .
I hope that our friend Richard Brown does n't have any serious illnesses .
Second , where is the conference ?
This will be in the Casino Hotel and we do n't need to worry about the best way , because all the main routes in Devonport have signs with the correct way to the popular hotel .
After the conference , there is a party in the same hotel .
At this party there is some food , soft drinks , music and a special place for dancing .
This party is for the students , so the kinds of clothes wo n't be so formal .
On The day before , we caught our plane .
We could choose two options for spending our free time .
One is a guide tour of center city , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .
Please , if you have any more questions , please call me on 38755980 .
Yours sincerely ,
I can live without this .
It 's true .
Our lives , maybe , could n't be without electricity .
Some people can live without this , but I am sure that the world would be very different .
When we use different equipment in our houses , we use electricity .
Small things but very important in our lives .
For example : TV , computer , just light and a long list that now I can not write .
I do n't like tinking , my house of my life , without all these facilities .
In winter when it is dark very early , and afterwards , I need to spend my free time at home .
What can I do without my music and my computer ?
Now , just you need to think about what you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplans , shoops , all these things without lights .
Finally , I think that everybody knows that electricity is a very important invention and , for me , it is the best .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
Thanks for your last letter and I am sorry for not giving you enough information .
We have already booked a 4 - star hotel - Palace Hotel , which is near the River Thames , in Walton - on - Thames .
It is not far away from the station , so we will go there by train .
The end - of - conference party will be held in an Indian restaurant that is next to the hotel .
It is supposed to be held from 7 pm to 11 pm .
Also , there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and a disco is also provided .
You can wear anything you like . We would like you to be just yourself and have fun .
As you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year .
There are so many things to do . Unfortunately , there are just 3 hours .
I recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping .
So you can buy gifts for your friends or family .
I hope I have given you enough information and if you still have some doubts , please do not hesitate to contact us .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Nowadays , our lives are becoming better and better .
Lots of great inventions have been invented in order to make people live comfortably .
If you ask me which is the greatest invention of all , I would say that it is the television .
" Television is just an amazing invention . " My good friend said . I agree with her .
Firstly , television makes us know more about the world without travelling to it all .
If there is no television , we wo n't know what other countries are like , or even what language they speak , unless we go to that country .
Secondly , for some reasons , it can educate young children .
Many TV programmes are specially made for children , such as " Learn follow me " and " Be good to others " .
Actually , they are quite good programmes and helped me know what I should do generally or how to behave nicely when I was still a child .
Last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainment .
Maybe you will think that playing basketball , going to cinemas and discos are much better than staying at home sitting in front of an object .
However , television can bring you the fun that other activities ca n't .
If sometimes I do n't want to go out and I do n't want to be lonely , that 's easy , just turn on the television and enjoy myself .
However , everything has its advantages and disadvantages .
Personally , I do think television is the most important invention .
Dear Mrs. Maria Smith .
I got your letter this morning and I am very pleased to give you some information .
As I know , he booked the Palace Hotel downtown .
When you go to the conference , you can take a bus or a taxi .
But if you have enough time , I would like to recommend a walking .
Because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea .
And also it takes just fifteen minutes .
I think everybody can enjoy it .
By the way , the end - of - conference party is a kind of farewell party .
There will be three parts .
In the first part , the chairman and a few guests will give a speech and in the second part , the participants will evaluate themselves , and the last part will provide dinner and drinks .
It will not be too formal party .
So you can wear what you like .
Moreover , I would like to recommend a ' City tour ' for three hours .
Everybody enjoys themselves .
It is £ 12 each and there is a reduction for groups .
I hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problems , you can contact me at any time .
And have a nice time in my town and send my regards to Richard .
Yours sincerely ,
Nowadays , there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and convenient .
Moreover , we can not live without them .
For example , electricity , computers , telephone , boats , and cars ( wheel ) , etc .
None of them are unimportant to us .
But I think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them .
If you look around at home , there are a lot of electric things .
Electricity could be able to invent other things .
It also gave us more free time , especially for women .
It has absolutely reduced women 's housework time .
Evenmore we can enjoy our night with lights .
If we want to do something , we can do it at night just like day .
Finally , the quality of our life is changed by electricity .
It could reduce our working time and make us more enjoyable .
It is also advancing more and more .
It will give us a better future !
Have you ever imagined that you would drive an electric car ?
12 , June , 2001
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Thank you for your letter about the international student conference .
Here are the answers to your questions .
You will stay in the Palace Hotel , which is situated in front of the railway station , Camberley .
To get to the conference , you catch the coach No.7 from the station and get off at the Camberley College bus stop .
It takes 5 minutes to get from the station .
When you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the conference will be held .
The end - of - conference party will be held at the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium .
It starts at 18 p.m. and ends at 22 pm .
We will prepare traditional English meals and some students from foreign countries will prepare their own ethnic foods .
There is a museum next to Camberley Station , which has a good collection of paintings and potteries , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time .
Instead , there are a lot of shops around there where you can buy souvenirs .
I am looking forward to meeting you .
Yours sincerely ,
To : Student from the United States
From : Juli
The aim of this report is to describe the Haunted Castle in Camberley .
Place
This castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods .
The inside of the castle is always dark even in the daytime .
Story
It is 500 years old , and it is said to be haunted by a lady ghost .
She appears occasionally and opens every window in the castle .
It is believed that she was a nanny who worked there and fell out of the window .
People said she was seeking something and still seeking it even if she had been dead for 500 years .
Conclusion
The ghost story may not be true , but it has good furniture from the 16th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful .
I think it is worth while seeing .
I hope you 'll enjoy visiting there .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I received your letter this morning .
I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill and is unable to attempt the conference . I am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group .
I hope that this information below will be very useful to you during your attempt to go to a conference .
I have booked a hotel not far away from our school .
The hotel is called Epsom Down Hotel .
Your plane will arrive in England at 9:00 .
There will be a coach waiting for you , and the driver will be next to the information desk .
You should arrive at the hotel by 11:00 .
You will then have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage .
The conference will start on time at 12:30 , so I would suggest you leave the hotel by 12:00 .
The best way to get to the conference is to follow along the college road and turn left toward the end . You then keep going straight . You will eventually see the main entrance of the college .
When you get to college , you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then .
They all know where the conference is and when .
At the end of the conference , we will have a party .
The party is to let all the students to know each other better .
The party will be in the dance hall next to the conference room .
I would suggest that you wear formal clothing , such as a tie , trousers and blaser .
For the afternoon free time on the last day .
There are a wide variety of choices that they can do .
They can play tennis , do athletics , swim ... and many other sports events in our school , if they want to .
Or they can also visit Epsom Town .
There are shops which sell clothes , food , and books ... They can decide what they want to do , it 's entirely up to them .
I am looking forward to seeing you and hop you have a safe flight over to England .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear group leader ,
Welcome to Taiwan .
This report is based on an interesting building which you can take for your students to visit .
This building is situated in Taipei , the capital .
The building is called Chiang Kei - shek Momerial Hall .
Nearly everyone knows where this building is , so if you have a chance , just ask the local people in Taipei about this building .
The momerial Hall is surrounded by large playgrounds .
As you go into the main Hall , you will see a huge statue of Chiang Kei - shek . This is because the building is the rememberence of how well Chiang did in History .
The statue is about 20 feet high .
Next , the statue is protected by guards . The guards will change every four hours .
Apart from the main Hall , there are also lots of other gallaries .
In these gallaries there are historical paintings and antique furniture which Chiang used .
These treasures are very old , even older than the history of America .
All these treasures were brought over to Taiwan by Chiang during the defeat in China .
They are all being well looked after .
As well as all the treasures , statues and historical paintings ...
There are also restaurants and modern gallaries .
When you are tired after looking around , you might want to buy drinks or something to eat , or if you are fed up with historical things , you might as well just pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern .
Finally , if you go to visit this building , I will recommend you to stay at a hotel not far from the momerial Hall called the Hyatt Hotel .
It only takes about five minutes if you walk .
I hope you will all have a great time in Taiwan and I hope you will enjoy the building .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I have received your letter dated on the 12th June 2001 .
I am very happy to help you and I hope that the information that I am going to give you will be enough .
The international student conference will be in the Palace Hotel in Lausanne .
The Hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the place " St - François " .
And the name of the street is " Grand - Chêne " .
You should not miss it .
After the conference , we are going to stay in the Palace Hotel , but instead of staying in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be prepared for us .
Afterwards , a live band is going to play the rest of the night .
For the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classic .
If you want to stay in Lausanne during your afternoon free , the best thing to do is to go to Ouchy .
There , you can enjoy the landscape and have a sunbath .
Yours sincerely ,
OLYMPIQUE MUSEUM
The aim of this report is to give further information on an interesting building to visit in Lausanne .
It is based on my own experience .
WHY THE OLYMPIC MUSEUM ?
The Olympique Museum is situated near the lake and offers , for the tourist , an unbelievable view of the mountains and the lake .
But also , the museum has a lot of gardens with several statues .
Besides , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .
First of all , the main interest of the museum is Olympic history .
You can find a lot of documentary about it and you have several competitors ' personal objects .
In addition , you can play several interactive games and learn about the rules of the olympic games .
REASONS OF RECOMMENDATION .
The principal reason is the cheapest price .
You pay only FRS for the entry and you can stay in all the time that you want .
On the other hand , if you are more than 10 people , you can have a group price and pay only 6 Frs per person .
It seems that this solution might be the best way to visit this museum .
CONCLUSION .
To sum up , the Olympic Museum is a very attractive place and could be a good trip with your family or your student group .
Therefore , if you want to learn something about the Olympic Games , it must be the best place for this .
Dear Maria ,
I 'm so happy to help you with this international student conference .
I 'm afraid of Richard .
Could you please give him my best wishes for his health ?
I 'm sure you can perfectly replace it to lead your group .
First , you should know that you are booked into the Palace Hotel , which is one of the best in the town .
The access to the conference place is very easy .
First of all , you must walk down to Central Street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the bus number two bus that goes directly to the college .
After the conference , there is a great party that is organised by friends .
It starts at twenty o'clock until the end of the night , so be ready !
There is no special theme for the wearing style , but it should be more fun if you wear something crazy ...
Finally , I propose you go to the new college swimmingpool on the last afternoon .
Every body will go there .
I hope you will have fun !
Yours sincerely
Hello ,
I will give you some information about Yverdon 's castle .
This building is one of the oldest that are on the landscape of the town .
I think it is important to see it when you come there because it shows us how the town has been developed around it since its creation .
These days , the castle is being remade , so there are a lot of construction engines around it .
That 's not a big problem because there is a complete museum in it where you can see old pictures of the castle during the centuries .
There are a lot of old items that were in the King 's family .
You have probably heard about the mummy who slept there for about two thousand years ... You can see it in the dungeon .
So you can visit anywhere you want with or without a guide .
I hope you will enjoy the visit and I wish you a nice holiday in Yverdon .
Best regards ,
Dear Mrs Smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I will try my best to answer the questions .
First of all , we have already booked the Five - Stars Hotel for your group .
It is a modern hotel , near our college , and it is also very convenient to get from the airport . You can take both by bus or taxi .
The November 101 bus starts from the airport , then you can get off from the " city college " stop .
It would be a great chance to take part in a party for everyone .
This is just a relaxing party , just so the members to have a chance to relax and make friends .
So I think you 'd better wear a dress .
Finally , about the free three hours , my personal prefer to go shopping .
Our city has got the biggest shopping centre in South England . There are so many shops .
It would be to spend time and money on that .
I look forward to seeing you !
Yours sincerely
Nowadays , people have become used to watching television programs everyday .
The TV is so important that you can see it in every family , and it is an essential equipment for everyone .
First of all , in my opinion , TV has great educational functions , and also makes the world become smaller .
You can just sit at home , then you can know what is happening all over the world at the moment .
I would rather watch the news on TV instead of reading in the newspaper or hearing it on the radio because the news on TV is vivid .
Moreover , the TV is a great company for people who live alone or feel alone . I would like to open the TV when I stay at home .
Some are talking , laughing , crying in there , so join them . You will feel much better than just yourself .
Some TV programs are enjoyable !
However , TV also has some disadvantages .
You might just sit in front of the TV for hours learning nothing , or no more talk with your family .
I think this is the worst influence in society .
In conclusion , TV has both advantages and disadvantages , but on the whole , advantages are greater than disadvantages .
So , but on the whole , TV is still a wonderful and important invention in the world .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing to you to give you more information about an international student conference .
The group has been booked into the King Hotel on High Street , which is very easy to find .
And the best way to get from there to the conference is by following the rod in front of the hotel to the right , then crossing the zebra crossing to the opposite side .
After that , walk to the right for about 15 metres and you will find the conference place , which is called the White House .
At the end of the conference , we are going to have an International Dinner as well as some shows by the students in my college .
As this is a special conference , you could wear your own national dress to present your country .
Finally , on the last day , you could spend your free time visiting our town hall , where you will be able to learn more about my area - or do some shopping in the High Street .
If you want more information , please contact me and I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Mr. Bill ,
I am writing to give information about a very interesting building to visit .
It is called Penrhyh Castle , as the building will tell you all about Wales .
On the positive side , you and the group will be able to learn more about Welsh art works which are presented on the wall , on the door and on some furniture .
The building itself looks splendid and beautiful .
On the other hand , you might find something which is very boring , such as walking along the old wooden floor , which causes some noise .
And some old toilets might look awful .
But in my recommendation , I think it would be nice for the students to come and see this building .
Because they will be able to learn and compare with the places in their country .
As Wales is not modern like America , so the students will probably get the idea of looking back to the old things .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Mrs Maria Smith .
I was really pleased to receive your letter .
Unfortunately , Richard Brown is ill , but I can help you as much as I can .
So , I 'm writing to reply by giving all the information you asked for .
Firstly , we 've booked the Palace Hotel , which is located in Central .
The best way to get from the hotel to the conference is using the tube because it takes only 20 minutes .
The tube has 2 lines which are red .
And your speech would be better for the end of the conference party .
I 'd suggest you wear at least semi formal clothes such as a jacket with other clothes .
Finally , I give you some suggestions which could spend about 3 hours in the national museum in my area .
The museum can be helpful to understanding our country 's history and art .
I look forward to seeing you soon .
Yours sincerely ,
The computer is the most important invention in our life .
Some people might say that electricity is more important than other things .
It 's hard to say which is the most important invention .
However , I 'd say the computer is a more amazing invention than other inventions such as the telephone or the car .
Recently , computers have become really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
Not only is it for business , but also for my life .
For instance , when I want to contact my friend , it 's quite helpful to use e - mail .
Before the computer was invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't contact foreign countries at the same time .
And also it 's time to make a new system which makes us use easier and easier , so far more people can enjoy computers more than before .
Despite amazing inventions , sometimes computers cause big problems , such as the millennium bug ( some people call " 2000 problem " ) , because computers are not flexible enough like a human 's brain .
However , a computer is worth using in our life until more convenient machines are invented .
Dear Mrs. Smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am very pleased to give you the information you requested .
We are holding the conference party at the Royal Lancaster Hotel - banqueting room at 2.00 pm on Sat .
24 June .
The nearest tube station is Lancaster Gate .
As you know , we 've been working very hard all this term .
So we 've decided at the end - of - conference party , we will have a buffet and a disco party .
Our students then will get to know each other well .
I would suggest everybody wear a casual dress .
Finally , I would recommend you and your group to enjoy shopping and sightseeing around Oxford Street and nearby .
I look forward to seeing you and your group soon .
Yours Sincerely ,
To : The group leader
From :
Re : The Barbican Centre .
As you requested , which is the most interesting building to visit ? I would strongly recommend the Barbican Centre building in the city .
It is located in the city and the nearest tube station is Moorgate Station .
The Barbican Centre was built in 1975 .
Apart from banks and important offices .
There is also a world stock market exchange , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , books and record stores .
It also held an international exhibition all year round .
Recently , the exhibition of Africa just finished .
The opening time starts from 7.30 AM . till late at night when the theatre is closed .
The building is huge with high technology and construction and tight security .
It upgrades the building every year .
The Barbican Centre is a very important building in London .
You and your group will visit one building which has so many places in this building .
So that you can spend all your time in one go .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith
Thank you for your letter which arrived to me this morning .
Of course , it is a pity that Mr. Brown has been ill , but we are happy that you are coming now .
You asked me which hotel the group had been booked .
It is the Palace hotel , about a mile away from where the conference will take place .
The best way to get there is to take the bus number 7 bus .
The bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel .
You will leave the bus at Royal Gardens " .
Turn left and go straight to . . Baker street " At the centre of this street there is house number 18 .
This is our college .
You wish to know all about the end - of - conference party .
As far as I can see , there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us with their songs .
Moreover , you asked what to wear . Do not bother .
I would recommend you wear some casual clothes , like a jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket .
Do forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have a chance to change them .
Finally , I will give you some advice about what you could do for about three hours .
Firstly , we have a nice and interesting museum . It is located near the hotel .
Furthermore , there is a zoo with a lot of different animals , located within five minutes .
Lastly , there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .
For further information , please call me up . I hope you will have an interesting conference here .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Yours sincerely
The telephone is a very important invention .
In my early childhood , my mother said to me that when she was was a little girl , there was only one telephone in the house where she lived .
It was in her parents ' apartment .
The neighbours come in to make their calls and to get their calls .
Today , nobody could imagine such a situation .
In every household there is a telephone at least .
There are a lot of advantages to it .
Firstly , people are able to talk to person every time , be it just for fun or also to discuss some important and relevant things .
Moreover , we can always call for help , the police , the hospital or a doctor .
This could save life !
Another advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not further exist without it .
Of course , there is also a big disadvantage .
Almost everyone knows this situation ; people want not to be interrupted . Maybe they are reading a book , having a good talk or are having a little sleep ... then the telephone rings ... !
It is not an easy decision how to react now .
Being sincere , most of us would go to the telephone .
Another point of disadvantage is that the mobile phones are ringing everywhere and at every time .
Youngsters misuse this kind of invention .
To sum up , this invention is one of the most useful things .
It is always the same how people use it or not and how people handle it .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith
Thankyou for your letter , which arrived yesterday .
I hope to give you all the information you need and please , if you want more information or if something is not clear , please do n't hesitate to contact me again .
The hotel is near the station and is called " Grand Placad " .
When you arrive , you take the train for Guildford and then you have to cross the road in front of the station .
It 's a very comfortable hotel where you can find everything you need .
From there to the conference , you have to take bus number 50 , which stops near the hotel and arrives in the town center .
The conference is organised in the civic hall , so it is very simple to find it .
At the end of the conference , there is a party , a perfect opportunity for your students to meet new friends from all parts of the world and they can speak about their experiences .
I suggest for that conference wearing something very comfortable but elegant . The organisation wants all boys to wear a jacket . A tie is not necessary .
I do n't know exactly what you can see , three hours I think is not enough , but near the station there is a beautiful garden popular for its variety of flowers .
If I find something special to visit in three hours , I will call you .
Your sincerely
Dear Ser or Madam
It is very nice of you to come and visit my town .
In that area , there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting buildings to visit .
The best building you must see is the cathedral .
It is the most important church in that area because of it .
It is something very special . its paviment made from many small pieces of wood , its windows with many colours . It is fantastic .
It was built on the top of a hill and around it there is only a huge field .
You can arrive here at work because the bus stops just at the bottom of the hill .
But really you must see it . The position of the cathedral gives you something special , a big tranquility .
I hope you like it .
I look farword to hearing from you .
best regardes
Dear Maria ,
I hope that all the information you need will be answered satisfactorialy .
First of all , you have been booked at the palace hotel .
Secondly , the best way to go from the hotel to the conference center is to use one of the shutel buses we provide at this event .
They are going to leave at 9 o'clock .
concerning the end of the conference party .
It is going to take place in the same hotel , the palace hotel . We suggest casual dressing for this special event .
Finally , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but I suggest you to visit the Caldea center , which is a very special bath center .
If you need further information , do not hesitate to contact us .
Your sincerely
Dear Jhon ,
In your previous letter you asked for information about interesting buildings to visit in my country .
There are plenty of churchs , cathedrals , and old cotages .
The churchs and the cathedral are very interesting because of their differents romanics styles .
I suggest you visit first the cathedral of " Le Seu d'Mrgell " because it is the most emblematic building in the area .
If you are interested in more modern buildings , I can suggest you visit " Caldea " , which is a very modern bath centre with beautiful architecture .
Finally , if none of my suggestions fit with your expectations , let me know more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and I 'll do all my best to find something more suitable .
Best regards
June 12 , 2001
Dear Mrs Smith ,
In reply to your letter , I will try to give you some advice .
Concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
The conference will take place not far from the hotel , so you will see indications to follow .
For the conference , I suggest you to wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important people from other colleges .
At the end of the conference , all students and leaders will have a drink .
To finish , if you have spare time , you could walk in the center of Poitiers , which is very beautiful .
I hope I have given you enough details .
I look forward to meeting you at the conference .
Yours faithfully ,
The building , called in French , " Le Centre Pompidou " , is a very surprising monument .
It 's a modern building with an architecture that you ca n't see in other places .
What is impressive about this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building .
In the Pompidou 's center , there are different expositions on different themes .
In general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures .
These expositions are often very attractive and they change every year .
Another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view of the city .
So if you visit Paris , the Pompidou 's center is a very interesting building to visit , even though in Paris there are many other buildings .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student conference at our college .
I would like to inform you that your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
It is situated in the center of our town and it takes five minutes to get to the college , where the conference is going to be held .
I think that the best choice for you is to take the 234 bus .
The bus stop you should get off at is called " The Green Man " .
With reference to the end - of - conference party , which is going to take place on Tuesday from 8:00 until midnight , I would like to mention the necessary dress code .
It is an evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black bow tie for men .
Lastly , I would like to give you some suggestions about ways in which you can spend your free time in our town .
I am strongly convinced that you should visit the local Science Museum .
Also , there is a very good shopping center next to the museum .
I look forward to seeing you at the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town .
Yours sincerely
As it is widely known , lots of different and important things were invented during the 20th century . I believe that the most important one is the computer .
It is a fact that modern society has created the demand for the ability to cope with the vast amounts of information .
Taking this into consideration , I would like to say that the computer is a priceless invention for accountants , designers , engineers and so on on .
Another point in favour is the possibility to connect to the Internet .
It allows you to have all the necessary information " at your fingertips " .
Also , not least importantly , is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world .
On the other hand , there are some disadvantages .
For instance , a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with the virtual world which computers create .
Another drawback is that in industry , computers replace people 's labour , which leads to the increase in unemployment .
To conclude , I would like to say that the governments of all developed countries would n't have been so concerned about the so - called " problem of 2000 " if the computer had not been so important for modern society .
Neuchâtel , 12th June 2001
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I thank you for your recent letter .
First , I would like to congratulate you on your new responsibility , because of Mr Brown 's illness .
I give you with great pleasure all the details needed .
Your group is staying at the Palace Hotel , which is located directly in front of the bus station .
Going to the conference from your hotel is really easy .
You have to take bus number 1 and get off at " Black House " , which is the third stop .
After the conference , at about 8 pm , a party is organised .
During it , everybody will have the opportunity to meet and talk to the speakers of the conference .
Food and beverages will be available .
After the cocktail , the band " Zero one " played their famous songs .
The clothes required for the party are suits for men and cocktail dresses for women .
Before your departure , you will have time to visit the Olympic Museum or to take a sightseeing tour of our city .
I hope you will enjoy your journey in our city and look forward to meeting you at this conference .
Yours faithfully ,
Report on the " Paintings Museum "
In order to write this report , I spent hours at this wonderful museum .
There , I saw the exibitions and admired the building itself .
I walked around the garden too .
Location
The museum is located in Ouchy , in front of the " Delamuraz Hotel " .
It is close to the main road , and 300 meters from the station .
Outside
The building is made of white stones .
It has two floors .
Before going inside , you have to go through the huge garden .
There , ponds , pools , trees , flowers and ducks can be admired .
I recommend you to take your swim suit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in pools .
Inside
When you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls .
They were painted during the war by nurses .
If you go down a few steps , you will discover the ceiling .
Everything in this room is about wine .
To learn the whole history of the building , there is a room dedicated to it on the first floor .
I particularly recommend you to visit the " blue " room .
Everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling and even the door .
According to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed .
Conclusion
To sum up , I would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city .
You should come and visit it for the paintings or for the building itself .
You wo n't be disappointed .
The only negative point is that you have to pay 10 francs to visit the house and the garden .
