New and new technology has been introduced to society .
One possible outcome is that an environmentally-induced reduction in motorization levels in the richer countries will outweigh any rise in motorization levels in the poorer countries .
Every person needs to know a bit about math , sciences , arts , literature and history in order to stand out in society .
While the travel company will most likely show them some interesting sites in order for their customers to advertise their company to their family and friends , it is highly unlikely that the company will tell them about the sites that were not included in the tour -- for example due to entrance fees that would make the total package price overly expensive .
The disadvantage is that parking your car is very difficult .
Bigger farming uses more chemical products and substances to feed fish .
For example , my cousin is 12years old .
If it does , you will only get some misundrestood idea about that article but not the original one .
Secondly , chimp can also present the ability for grammar , which means they can demonstrate the ability to combine words and be able to use grammatical constructions .
Nevertheless , this city is experiencing a big change .
I think learning facts is only evidence if the students can work hard and if they are able to keep every detailled information as taught , but it 's definitely not evidence of their intelligence .
Unfortunately , most older people can not use the internet , in spite of the benefits of the internet .
So , if I have a lot of information about this subject , I will get too much knowledge , but if I have general information about this subject , I will talk about this subject with my limited knowledge and , in this case , may make me ashamed , like when my brother asked me about some thing but i have not alot of information about this thing .
because if I see someone doing something to save me time and energy , it works , I will do it .
The government should think about the whole of nature .
They will not be able to compete with other similar brands and the product will fizzle out or die .
People are now opening their eyes to the scenario when we will run out of fuel .
For me , it was great because I need to talk on the phone locally and nationally for long periods of time .
They only care if the effects are good and popular among the crowds .
That is why calculated risks , as one could call them , are the predecessors of big success , because they get people 's attention by giving people new options .
He said , in other words , that more flouride may create damage to the human body , specifically the bone .
When these people create their new ideas , others often look very strange to them .
You will learn to socialize with people .
No other transportation concept has been as successful as the car , not only because of the good street and highway systems throughout the United States and Europe , but only because of the fact that people love their cars .
If they prefer to choose cars rather than motor bikes , that means there will be many cars .
That 's why he is a legend these days and people repect him .
For example , in math club , teachers usually teach us how to solve a math problem in various ways .
On the other hand , when I was a fresh man in college , I could concentrate on my favorite subjects .
I have an IBM computer and my laptop is DELL .
The air in China is not so clean because of cars .
When the price of gas goes up , consumers do not want to buy gas for fuel .
However , learning more subjects gives us a huge amount of knowledge which makes me successful in my studies .
When you`re making a tour guide trip , you already have everything settled from the time you`re depart to the time you arrive .
On the other hand , although in Turkey , public transportation is getting developed , especially in the two big cities , that is , Ankara and Istanbul , it is still nothing compared to Sweden .
This rebuffs the reading passage 's claim that there is no improvement .
As they are involved with studying , they do not get enough time to look after their community .
However , I strongly maintain that traveling on your own gives you a lot of advantages .
They even ask themselves how this kind of thing did n't cross their minds .
People tend to choose other media , and that is why literature is in danger .
I cast doubt that twenty years is too short time to prove the problem .
So for these reasons , I really believe that it 's important to have a broad knowledge of different subjects , instead of being focused on just one , because sometimes the answer that we are searching for , we can easily find it in a field that is not related to our purpose .
I am pleased to meet intelligent people and learn about things which I do n't know .
To resolve this problem , the governments of the cities are likely to improve the public transportation system by building a new subway system and adding more lines for buses .
I know lots of old people who go to parties and stay in contact with other people .
But these things seem too hard for old people . They move so hard , and do n't have enough healthy body to play things like sports .
For example , if you understand the idea that all diseases , caused by microorganisms , are treated with antibiotics , you will never use antidepressants .
I liked that , but after that it gradually started to become boring and finally I did n't have interest in all the stuff .
With her salary , we can buy a car because we are planning to finish our house in Binangonan , Rizal and we will be planning to finish our studies in Boston .
So information technology and advanced technology have so much increased .
Even more relevant to the seduction of advertising is the fact that , quite frequently , those images of perfection placed in front of our eyes are just mirages and illusions , bodies touched up by computer programs and therefore , they do not resemble reality at all .
As the professor claimed the details and examples to strengthen the position of the reading passage , I , in the following pargarghs , would like to provide the evidence to present the whole views .
In the advertisement that he shows in the media , newspapers , magazines , and public spaces , he clearly says that the product is made with high quality technology .
We have a lot of paper have to write .
A person with broad knowledge will help him to renovate .
The development of biomechanics has made this possible .
This inadequate amount of fuel forces us to use fewer cars .
One of these important elements is the internet .
You can only be successful by learning new stuff and trying it too , by being an open and creative mind .
Firstly , the striped bass consumes large quantitiy of ramen . Secondly , this fish is also a source of protein for farm animals , and the fishing industry works for some people in Virginia .
They were driving settlements in other domain .
The time line for this danger , which I have already given in the above discussion , is so predictable that one can even have calculations about it if he/she has both the population and existing fuel count .
I think people should travel by making decisions by themselves for several reasons .
Indeed , they threat lot of freshwater fish species because they need to eat and to find different kinds of food in the oceans .
For example , if the city says that 8am~9 am is the busiest time , then workers would argue that they should drive a bit later .
Educators should provide opportunities for them to learn enough knowledge to survive in the real world .
For example , when I am studying for tests or doing my homework , my grandparents can go out and do what they enjoy .
Traditional enclopedias are written by trained experts for academic rigor that can not really be achieved .
By that time , everyone should be gathered in a certain place .
Else , twenty years down the lane , every major city would end up being a pile of metal junkyards , with no place to move around .
And what are those risks ?
In contrast , the speaker casts doubt on the conclusion .
In this movie , the father is handicapped .
For example , in this genaration people watch movies and listen to music more than read books and novels .
In Malysia , there are a lot of cars .
So they are free to do all sorts of things , even if they are considered as dangerous or irrisponsble , such as bungee-jumping .
I think most people will like that in a busy world , but I don`t think it will happen in the next twenty years .
Everyone one would expect to leave his own secret dreams , like being a painter , a writer ...
I ANSWERED THE QUESTION AND I GOT GOOD IMPRESSION FROM BOTH LECTURER AND FRIENDS .
While , according to listening passage , it seems fair for people to increase the tax price because they will be able to save money for other taxes they pay .
Homework will help you to manage your time , if you might be using that time for some other purposes .
I mean our homecontry because we can speak Japanese and can use Japanese .
New kinds of vehicles will be invented with new technology than today .
This would have definitely required him to take an immense amount of time from his work and he stands as a perfect example to whom the youngsters of today relate .
They follow the way the Sun goes from the east to the west .
It 's the time to take a rest by looking back at your present .
I thought it was kind of ridiculous , but we had to do as the tour guide said .
So , if Japan has had such common sense since a long time ago , even after twenty years for sure , people would aim to own a car and still ride a car to show people that they are `` rich '' .
An example that would make this categorization problemmatic is an architect .
The incoming generation will not ride a two wheeler .
And also the markting can do some adjusting to the changes .
This is supported by national and international policy which presents attractively the advantages of going abroad , having self-experiences in other countries and cultures , learning foreign-languages while staying in a country where this language is spoken , and so on .
Even if we fail , we have to try to get new things .
He explained that the methane which is derived is a non biological process .
I put into this group of people , everyone who has arrived to that success with his own work . I mean people who work very hard and try , for example , to develop new kinds of work , technology or someone who tries to do his work in another way to arrive the goal that he want easily .
Confidence comes naturally since perfection is its alone .
The reasons are they pay for them and teach more than other institutes .
I totally agree that the young today are not spared sufficient time helping their communities .
Nowadays , society is changing drasticly .
and through texts books , students are more engaged .
On the other hand , a chef that tries new tastes will be recognized and he or she will gain a place in the cooking world .
Also , I think we will thank these animals for everything that they have done for us no matter what .
When I grow up , I start to understand what he said is quite right .
The other one is a gambler , which means that people always try new things and take risks .
Last month , I needed to buy a digtal-camera .
In the world , oil prices are very high right now .
The cause of the Tunguska explosion was an asteroid .
After we know and learn the facts , it will be easier for us to understand ideas and concepts .
They did not get the ideas or any concepts about what they were learning .
And in the end , if you take a risk and you succeed in that , you surely will become a successful person with all the merits , and maybe also the awards , you merit .
In my essay I want to focus on how important it is for students to learn facts .
I naturally get to know that I do n't really want to know .
Let 's say your interest lies in paintings .
However , what makes a student excellent is to both understand the concept and learn the facts .
Learning student ideas has many advantages :
Do I want to risk my 2 years savings for a trip to Spain or do I want to use my kids ' college funds to start up my business ?
So even the government is expecting an increase in the use of four - wheelers .
and you can have a chance to meet a person to help you .
He or she would not be able to discuss science problems just because he does not know them .
For example , when I went to Bangkok , Thailand a few years ago , I experienced being a stranger in downtown .
I have specific reasons for this .
Actually , it might not be true .
We still have to burn down forest to make land for farming and the result is that birds will lose more of their habitat .
By the same token , people will learn many different intellages by doing so many things , but they just learn their appeals , not get any crutial information and wisdom from it .
On the other hand , if you specialize in one specific subject such as physics , you will never help him .
This is how we can hit the job market very early and proof that we are capable of doing the job in a better manner .
To judge a person 's contribution in terms of time would be specious .
New experiences for somebory are the same as the challenger and the challenger is a moviment , whereas for some people who continue living .
Our society will be a lovely society . If the drama can communicate , I think we will gain more knowledge .
For example , when you read your school 's book for the first time , you will not understand any thing , but when you read it a second time , you understand it .
This is the government 's rule that they have compulsory attand this seminar .
They might put it on the label , but they do n't say it in TV advertisements .
For example , many scientists and engineers are studying cars that make no more tough sound , and smoke .
Without the empirical experience , I think , the learner tends to forget all the information he or she has learned through his or her learning process in the long run .
First , disking can be an alternative to prescribed burning .
By just knowing the culture of a different country that we are living and not born in , we wo n't be able to live .
Somebody who does not give and just take can not live in a community .
Court coats are very high and a number of desputed tickets are seen .
And what is more effective than loads of people working towards the same aim ?
If we have this quality , then no one can beat us .
You have 30 . Typically , an effective response will contain a minimum . You will be satisfied with cultural experience and and fit your test .
But I only use this solfware to win a lot of prizes . Some of them have important influence in my country .
If the sharp can not keep your mind , how can they sell the products to customers ?
Cutting the dead trees is called salvage logging .
That 's why centralized , attributes , and business owners reduce their business and do not respond to the rise of factories .
Second , birds navigate along landmarks like rivers , coastlines , and mountains .
A tour guide is generally a person who knows a great deal about the country , its most beautiful places , most visited ones , and so on .
They have to contact a variety of fields to find out what their interests are .
Unfortunately , in most countries , the functioning of public transport is not perfecty organised .
If you think of the ingredients , fish has less fat and a lot of nutrients there .
Public transport in the city may not be able to cope with this huge number of people .
Second , we learn many academic subjects , after that we learn to specialize in one specific subject .
This does n't mean that because you take risks you are going to succeed .
One of the most important problems is accidents . For sure , everyday millions of people die just because of drivers not being careful . I do believe that there will be fewer cars in twenty years , but this will happen only for one reason : we will use somethink else .
The internet offers a good opportunity for people to travel for work , to students , for work .
Can you ever visualize what chaos our society would suffer if every individual considered himself/ herself an expert in every given field ?
In this sense , I would introduce the concepts of two aspects with a datailed analysis , and then it will come to a conclusion .
In my case , my younger brother needs more than academic knowledge .
Due to this , I feel that specialized students will have more opportunities in the future .
Moreover , before oil and gas are gone , scientists will make new cars that drive on electricity or by sun light .
However , I firmly believe that students have to learn broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
I learned many kinds of subjects , and I was able to make different types of friends .
On top of that , even if we are willing to spend the time banking on the travel plan , we have no idea which travel sites are must-see .
They need to have a global vision before deciding what they like , and the way of obtaining it is by simply by studying a broad syllabus .
In order to understand these , and more importantly , to link them together , that wisdom will duly serve him .
We can use it .
Some people can encounter people we have no idea about .
When my grandmother getting old , she could not move her body easily .
As a tour guide , the person has to be familiar with the place he or she is touring .
Three other customers have not started using the product because they do n't have anything to hang it with .
And in places where there is no train , we can not help but use cars .
You have to teach your child since he or she was antel when they grew up .
If students have to study for history , for example , it is often enough to just learn the facts , but on the other hand , studying for physics or maths needs an understanding of the concepts .
For example , the subway in New York , bullet trains in Japan , underground tube trains in Singapore and the sky trains in Bangkok travel at lightening speed .
First , young people have an active mind .
Obviously , unreplaciable examination and less enemies can bring huge advances to fulfill the defination of success .
Young people nowadays give enough time to help their communities .
The commercial was definitely more impressive than the product itself .
And one of them was my friend who had serious problems with her health .
To this day , I still remember what we studied that day in class .
Ihad good life in my country but everything I got from my parents .
But if the student is going only learn things without knowing the concept , then any company will give apportunity to that person because he does not know the concept of its related branch , so by this way , it will create a problem in the future .
Third , the stone tower on the east coast is unnatural . Also , this tower is unusual in Europe , so non Europeans might have made this tower .
Secondly , it is an unfair action because it will affect low-income Americans .
Factories are increasing the sulfur dioxide in the air every year .
It`s results in people being more mature , strong and calm in front of the problems in life , because they understand the problems go away and it depends what way everybody looks in the face of the problem .
For example , working on a project , .
This place must change .
However , when people are forty years older ,
It is worthy of note that not every body will succeed when taking a risk , but that is not enough to deal anybody who wishes to take one .
Apparently , I got a Japanese friend in Japan . His name is Tomo .
When they do some work , they think they have to finish work on time .
As the gasoline tax rises , it will help the vehicle companies to make more cars to sell to people .
Ignorance of striped bass will abbreviate our earning , also it has some astonishing effects on our health .
Maybe there are some disadvantages to humanity .
In the lecture , that zebra mussels is not really a serious threat has been proven .
I think it will be lost .
I expect humans can make new material to replace gas , but it is very difficult .
Ideas and motives for the war are more important to know because from them one might draw some conclusions and it might change something inside the student .
Everything is possible which we can`t imagine .
Although there are some rules to protect young people , such as limiting aging in movies and previews about the bad aspects of programs , it is just made for little kids , not young people like high school or university students .
However , the fact that they most of the time do not reflect the actual quality of a product decreases the reliability of the advertisements .
We seem to have a lot of problems with these even if we have more good materials than in the past .
We can be fatalist and say that with the development of the third world , the problem will worsen .
These things can make us more successful in life . . Even though we are successful , we must continue our work . We should take our chances to greater heights .
For the Greek philosopher Plato an Aristotle , the capacity to understand ideas and concepts , intelligence as the main ability of the human soul , is the part of ourselves that makes us the being we actually are .
In conclusion , understanding the concepts is more important than learning the facts , because it 's the ultimate goal of learning the facts .
I basically feel that young people do enjoy their life more than older people do .
First , the ships not only helped them to spread but also killed ships .
They might be bored of reading a complex passage .
But is it possible to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects without being specialized in one particular topic ?
So she decides to work in a Nursing Home because she wants to provide care for elderly people .
This demonstrates the undeniable fact that it is to have different experiences .
Therefore , they will be more deep - thinking people and good for their future , so teachers should be required to take courses every five years .
In my case , I am working more than 200 hours a month , in order to get money required to pay back to a bank ( I borrowed some money for buying my house . ) .
because students must do homework .
It makes a good partner .
As a result , she was able to get a job that she really wanted , but she did n't expect to because many people flocking to this company .
Maybe for the economy , in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today , not for the citizens that everyday must go to the office .
At this stage , youth requires the experience of older people to fight this depression .
In fact , this device was different from its competitor products .
Also , we do not have to care about other people . It means there is privacy between us and we can talk loudly or might be able to sing .
But I found out that the quality of the bat was very bad .
Some people only run to work or use the undertairn , but if you have your own cai you can use your car to go to your work here .
government rising the tax on gasoline .
The professor also says that soy beans should be used as food for the fish .
He was successful already in his field of living electric equipment , but , he began to become the new dominant of electronic technology and succeeded .
A good company hires goods buzzers . These buzzers do not lie to consumers . They use their words to let consumers know the goods are real . They do not praise the goods .
Travelling in a group , especially with a tour guide , helps us to make our trip more productive .
On the other hand , the reading passage states that using chemicals is clearly not such a good idea because it can develop parasitic infections in the human body .
When they went down to the forest , then they produced fire .
So both the lecture and the reading think about other arcaeologist monuments in the area from the Kingdom period .
If I have one sujest .
To be sure , we Japanese take part in destroying the environment because we consume most wood .
So I asked my student what he thought about my lesson , and tried to find out where the problem was .
That means if I have a broad knowledge of politics , then I 'm aware of 'where to say what ' .
He also teaches concepts to the students .
That was a very beautiful dream in my mind at that time .
After majoring in any field of studies , a student can not adjust quickly to the practical world .
By contrast , the lecture claims that the quality of discussion is the most important instead of the numbers of discussion .
Concepts of a subject give us the background of the main streams of a subject we are going to learn and study .
I will outline in the below paragraphs my arguments in favor of this statement .
This example proves that knowing the fact is less important than knowing the concepts related to it .
Einstien 's seminal theory of relativity is proved by facts .
While I was there , someone tried to steal my bag and passport .
Second , the rouds can not be damaged because by raising the tax , there will be much fewer cars .
Second , the scroll lists are huge gold , like 35 kilograms , so the price will be .
I dont have a car but I dream it off .
Because the rest of the period , the way they work could be different .
This will definitely cause some problems .
Nowadays , each of the family members owns a car .
When you are able to understand ideas and concepts and , with this , are able to understand structures of thinking , this can help you a lot .
In America , a lot of families have more than one car , and futhermore some of them have three or four .
Thus , I see more people opting for their own car in the near future .
So people who do not give enough time to help their communities should repair this .
Otherwise , he/she may feel inadequate one day if he/she furthers his/her studies .
Most of us will understand better when the ideas and the concepts of the war are shown and we can get very excited about it .
So what should I do ?
I could not give much time to any of the sports so that I could be a great sportman .
For example , smoking . I know that smoking is bad .
This degree would enable me to branch out and look into other fields that involve some basic engineering .
When someone does legal behavior , it has to be justified by law .
Therefore , I am going to tell you about this question through my experiences .
Lastly , for economic reasons , it is not beneficial because the cost of the equipment and staff required to control fires is very expensive .
Then there is a chance to shift him to other parts of cricket .
First of all , he argued that Americans will not ignor the `` ecocertified '' as there are so many advertisements now .
The reasons and examples will follow this essay to support my opinion .
But Secondly , it needs to be experienced .
A student who chooses to study at university has to become well acquainted with different methods of expanding current ideas and concepts .
Therefore , the French revolution happened in the middle age in Europe because of these reasons . ''
It is therefore important for the respective governments and international bodies to try and reduce the negative consequences of this trend .
It mentions the cane toad , which threatens many local species in Australia .
This will help to create brotherhood realtionship .
By trial and error , I succeeded , which gave me a very good feeling about myself .
As we know that fish is taken as a meal , it is harmful for human beings to do fish farming .
Although understanding the concepts is important , sometimes facts are the only solution for them to learn .
And the present , companies , like Toyota or Ford , are successful because they know how to start their company and create a smart thing .
Instead , they would help with the house or with farming .
but the lecturer showed different angles of the system ...
People will buy more cars and take advantage of this mode of transportation in the days ahead .
And we can save time . Second , the tour guide will be interduce the spots of enqui culture . Then we can enjoy the daily trip , not only go over thereto stay a few times .
Learning how they work would give students a better lesson .
Second , Menzied points out that Chinese ships in the 1400s used very distinctive anchors that were round stones with a hole in the middle .
Young people can work easily and can search for any information in a few minutes .
It can certainly be the case .
In a group trip , we are forced to set goals and time schedules .
Probably , by using my own car , this would have been much more difficult and stressful , if not impossible .
Help others and make us all live in a comfortable home .
There may be global warming because of lack of cooling .
So , their parents will buy them for them .
They are busy themselves , they do spend time helping the society that they live in .
And it seems like that notion will be even strengthened by the emergence of new Chinese producers who are even cheaper .
I can remember that alecture Iattended .
Ther third reason is that it gives us the chance to make our brain work and think about how this happens .
Television makers just hang academic titles on their programs .
Even if there is life , there is hope .
They have a special diet .
This is clearly seen in the way many young people organize the collection of funds or books to help others receive a proper education , and , also in the way many students go to schools for the blind to read books to them and help them out .
They think what the celebrities say in the advertisement is true .
As a result , young people feel a less sense of competition for a place in universities .
However , Billgate made people 's lives more comfortable than in previous circumstances .
Also , students , by paying more attention to understanding ideas and concepts , will not only comprehend the facts they are given , but also acquire the skill of understanding , which can be applied in all areas surrounding them .
If a person just knew the facts , he would never think about the possibilities .
Though , in fact , old people can enjoy themselves with some light sports entertainment , I think that is not as interesting as hard sports or something .
They do not want to regret their lives on earth .
It is better to have a very good understanding knowledge of many academics because it makes you broad and gives you chances and opportunities to work in different fields and environment .
For instance , YANG Zhenning , who is a famous scientist with great achievements and fame , has a high proficiency in literature while specifying scientific research in physics .
It is said that the zebra mussels from the bottom of the ship moved to the freshwather and devastated nature .
This implies that there can be instances where no such overstating takes place at all .
In my opinion , there are some reasons why it is true .
And the ability of job candidates to have specfic knowledge is less when compared to the whole whole period ,
Becuase when you understand the whole idea , you can imagine how the theory works .
It is not worth jumping in the pool without knowing how to swim since you may not be able to breath again .
The person who takes many subjects stands a better chanceof getting a job .
So to solve those kinds of problems , they will have to use their understanding .
Another thing is that adverts always show and indicate prices on commdities alowing consumers to budget well in order to be able to buy them .
However , the successful person who achieves great accomplishment does not escape or give up easily in front of even impossible things are regarded by people .
In other words , cars would not be in use in the future because of these types of transportation being developed and invented .
They come together for a 'LAN-party ' with their neighbour 's kids .
Also , the lecture mentioned that the stone placed between the Sphinx 's front paws was not placed there during the time of the old kingdom 's king , Khafre .
But some young people do not give up helping their community .
I give some of my time to helping other people because I think it 's very important .
For example , here is one student , who knows facts but does not know how to~ ?
They can travel more freely than older people do .
The first reason is that Groval warming did not connect with Anasazi disappearing .
Simply , we need to eat and buy clothes , make and raise a family .
This happens more when one is watching a movie with the family .
Among the many skills required is the knowledge of more than two languages .
However , it is so rare to find old people in pubs or in gymnasiums in China .
Personally , I doubt that there will be fewer cars in use in twenty years than there are today , based on my observations of falling vehicle prices , an increasing population and a stagnating rate of technological advance in the field of terrestrial transportation .
Finally , zebra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they have become dominant .
I agree with that concept to take the risk and go for the new field .
The size of the treasure written is too large .
So it is very strange why people were able to live without enough water for 50 years , and then moved because they did n't have enough water .
If they are really interested in these courses , it 's all right .
Therefore , it is possible to believe that the explosion of Tunguska was the explosion of an asteroid .
In the past , it was said that only animals could maintain their temperature in such cold climates .
Thinking of their old age , young people are trying to make a better society for everybody .
If someone does n't know , eating is very important for the growth of the body or in general for the body . It is a fact that eating is just useful .
Advertising can be used badly , not only by corporations but also by governments , as for example , the Nazi regime .
He 's the one who can give the different specialities the possibility to shine .
But generally , moments of happiness in life can not really be compared because they are different .
Such people impressed other people through their strong well and divoution to duty .
Besides , smoke emitted from cars and the noise coming the car engines damage the environment and the health of people .
The main reasons are such as the follows .
It has come to be one of the effective measures manufatures use in selling their products .
However , when I went to Canada by my self , I did many things that I wanted , so it was very exciting .
It is not an easy task for old people to see young people sort of spending their time on useless things , in their opinion .
Sometimes their teachers only teach about the facts , which are easier to memorize .
For example , if you visit the ruins in Rome , without a tour guide , you do n't realize the importance and the history behind these ruins .
So that they have to pay more attention to their health rather than to enjoying arts .
Why do we like this ?
However , she was wrong .
Working hard means running a company .
If your answer is yes , that is good .
For example , if the old person doesnot hear properly , then young ones right from the day of their cihildhood think of inventing something that can help the older people hear more properly .
Right from the age of 5-6 years , children are busy with their curriculum .
However , I firmly believe that traveling with a guider is quite beneficial because of its possibility to travel to many places in a short time and safely .
I have studied for just an examination .
We will feel confusion and we wo n't see matters clearly .
Thus , I think when we understand ideas and concepts , they will leave the main effects and influence because they combine with our opinions and beliefs .
Is it merely understanding the idea behind that concept ?
Through exercitation , students can learn how to proceed in a correct way and by making wrong operations they will be able to understand the concepts and not make the same errors or mistakes in the future .
Adults are content to send their children to school to contact these different kinds of classes .
What is the world and what are we supposed to do here ?
This was not enough to evaluate the student .
Secondly , the Earth 's ground has heat .
Therefore , they could not get information about their needs . . Rather , now , we can find out what we want and get a lot of information about our interests .
That is not what merit-based payment is really about .
The Anglo version of Christianity became popular in northern Europe and still many people believe in its doctrines .
Before selecting a product , everybody should read carefully all the information available about it .
The disability of doing the things that are desired makes olders unhappy .
The speaker argues that it results from the difficulties of today 's literature .
However , I want to go to the U.S.A that I can study and live in my dream country . I want to have a family that I will never be alone .
I do not know American teachers , but some Japanese teachers speak facts in the class hours .
Because of this , I prefer studying concepts and ideas more than learning facts .
A product needs to have an advertisement so it gets to become known around a place and it gets its population so everyone will like a piece of it .
Most scientists say these bass play a much more significant role in the decrease of the menhaden population .
When someone has more than one academic subject , it would be more amazing , interesting , positive , great , and helpful .
Therefore , I think there will be more cars than today .
because we watch movies earn something .
But now everything is changed , and life has become more dificullty .
They should understand what the ideas and concepts they study mean in practice , how they can be used and have already been used .
Some products they sell are expensive because they are branded , some are cheaper because they are not branded products , but if you look at the quality , it 's almost the same as the expensive ones .
It is therefore necessary to understand the idea behind it and come up with a well-organized concept .
He knows how to draw a line difference between gambling and taking risk .
So , we must cooperate well with others , after we solve today 's problems .
It may tell us how large the world it is .
So a prohibition would n't solve the real problem .
though the differences might be different for a young person and for an older person to fully enjoy their life .
In the younger generation , one can find more joy externally by pursuing their dreams and in elderly people it can be internal .
It has some problems that it can affect humens .
Sure , both arguments will probably decrease the number of cars , but the strongest argument speaks for itself : China .
It mentions that now it has reached some points in North America .
And I expect , if we lose quanlities of cars , we will protect our life , our environment , and we will not depend on resourse gas ,
I claim that they are not yet able to feel the same feeling of satisfaction that an old man , seeing his grandchild playing , does have .
Hence , I did not have to wake up too early this morning . I took the underground , and the train , then the underground to Rome .
Edison , who invented the bulb , is an obvious example .
Many people think that treasure never existed , but in reality it exits .
Maybe I can not enjoy it in real life and I will be tired .
This does not imply that either person is not enjoying life , or enjoying it to a different degree .
Even if they use buses , which are big cars , the fact that people take the bus still reduces the number of cars .
Our group decided to open Waseda Cafe .
Nowadays , so many people study the way that advertisements increase their sales . That is why our behaviour is influenced by what we listen to or what we see on the television .
However , I also feel good about this because it shows the huge leaps we could make in twenty years , not just small steps .
She also uses this to challenge the reading passage .
In this way , a person always feels to be original and `` modern '' , not `` ancient '' like people that surroand him or her .
I need to understand what carbohydrates , proteins , vitamins and minerals are and how they are unfolded in our body to produce ATP .
and none the tourists will come and Yellowstone will not be popular and , of course , local businesses that depend on park visitors will suffer as a result .
When we go to their home , they look happy .
But if all you want is stay at home and live on your own , perhaps it is not that important for you .
Our country has been criticized for one way of teaching .
It is also possible that travelers could re-schedule their plans and their destinations .
It is not much less frequent , though , and it still fulfills the needs that we have for it today .
In conclusion , you are not attracted totally to the product but , by the lifestile that this product will give to you .
Though I am from Fukuoka , I live in Yokohama in order to go to Yokohama City University .
In twenty years , they also give us better cars that use less resources-consumed transportation tools and give us much more convenient tools for our travel .
It is necessary for a breakthrough event or product to succeed .
A lot of people use bicycles to go somewhere .
Second , old houses can stand in the way of the development of communicates .
What we have to worry about is that oil is not used only for cars but also for other materials .
Due to this new product is floop in the market .
Fresh water will be carried by the ship that travels from Europe to the east coast of North America , and therefore the mussel will be spread to the whole of Europe .
I do not gree that initative people will take risks more than those who do not .
Graham bell worked a lot and took risks in inventing this telephone , apart from his electrical knowledge .
For example , during a traffic jam , the transit ca n't accomodate such large numbers of people . What would the clerks do ?
He or she can help me with languages , introduce me to specific beautiful places , what the special food in that country is , and about that country 's culture .
and new gerrthion prefer to use transport . This is why they think in twenty years there will be fewer cars .
Travelling by yourself is very good for your future .
But if I tried to do all the sight-seeing without a tour guide , that would be very difficult and dangerous .
When we talk about the so-called value of a product , we envision a scenario where dozens of products are available on supermarket shelves and when you switch on a television , there is an endless stream of commercials , each claiming exciting new features about the products advertised .
In addition , it uses the North Satr to migrate directly to the north .
Sometimes , even a personality , like a famous actor , becomes this true voice .
For example , the hamburgers in the commercials and menus look way more juicy , neat , and fresh than the ones you buy .
NowaNowadays all the up coming graduates are just muging the subject . Mostly 70 % of subjectjust learl .
For me , there are few very good friends or classmates that would be better than a friend .
All the facts are mere deceptions .
We still don`t know what aliens are to be or not to be in our solar system .
If I travel in a group with a tour guide , I will be limited my time .
Attendence does not mean that teenages are fully participating in class .
Trust me , God will wish the young people .
In studying the processes underlying biochemical pathways , knowledge of biochemistry is required , which is an integration of biology and chemistry .
Thanks to a new and `` out of the box '' way of thinking , it is what made our civilization what it 's now .
When talking about employment , the company should not knowa
At this moment , business has become an online-business .
Traveling is very important for people to know about the world and in group it could be as well .
It contributes to air pollution and the temperature rise .
For instance , birds do not usually try to remember the subjects that they have passed by , such as a stone , a building , or even a small house .
That`s turth !
iFor example , you have to employ a supervisor to manage the factory , and the operatating bill is much higher than the transportation costs .
Because it was creative and innovation .
So it means there is no certain way of how migratintg birds find their way to home .
Their life is a repeteation of studying and learning .
However , the problem is if we use prescribed burning as a tool , it requires a lot of money - 10 times more than the normal way .
But there are several reasons that drawn me to this conclusion .
They usually forget where the book is set .
Who can say no to a business that can make your life more safer ?
For example , I prefer to specialize in public relations , which helps me in my personal life , and how to treat authors .
Now let me tell you about the daily activities of my father and compare them with mine .
Although the professor in the listening passage explains that the solution is acceptable because not only the striped bass population is vital for menhaden but also the entire ecological system based on it .
The fact is that it will rain when the specific condition is prepared .
That is not true also .
First is how to release the drugs as fast as possible , in order to sell them faster and to make more money faster , but the goverment requeres a certein amount of the testing to be done before the drug is released , so it reduses the date of drug release .
Maybe one day there will be a tool that will take us anywhere we want only in a few seconds .
There seem to be too many hurdles present in the growth of the car industry in recent times .
So it depends on the different body 's nature .
It 's a slow process , but after the process , they can use Yerkish signs and start to understand what people , trainers , and researchers are saying .
If we plant some speices which are very strong to live , compared with other plants .
Because it rains more , and the plants grow well , so the Puebo can make full use of it .
Additionally , popular movie stars or famous people in the advertisements attract people .
The first is our life conditions .
For example , if successful people do n't try new things , how can people do the airplane , cars , computers , etc .
Let us think of music as a metaphor for all the areas of knowledge , and the different instruments as metaphors for all the seperate disciplines .
The more I study , the more I become satisfied .
Billions of people use it every day .
I went to Wegman to buy the watch because I thought it would be nice to have one .
Major improvements should be done to public transportation to get people to give up their vehicles .
Firstly , it is hard for young people to find time to help their community .
Many people have many reasons , like to see around abroad or to have different experiences , but their purposes have something in common .
We alwayses joke around or do something stupid .
So , cars have a positive impact on the economy and I do n't think that the government will try to put restrictions on this .
Gone are those days when only the rich could afford it .
Even if we do not have one ourselves , other people utilize them to make our lives easier - be it a transporter bringing food to the supermarket or the car that brings us to the hospital in case of a severe accident .
People like these often get bored listening to the tour guides ' lectures that sometimes resemble a monologue learned by heart for a class .
This does n't destroy our culture , because our culture has changed .
Our current way of living is highly energy intensive .
So my opinion is , if friends stay in the world , then friends can help everything .
Lsat but not least , zenra mussels are likely to cause a decline in the overall fish population in habitats where they have become dominant .
Scientists are worried that someday these fossil fuels will be finished and no more .
So , it is important for students .
I have been struggling with the way of completing hard assignments , studying , improving my grades , and learning strategies .
Because in competition , man wants everything better than his competitor .
The undersatnd ideas and the concepts help students learn information about the many subjects and get a good education from information they have .
Therefore , we think ourselves that caring care of society is the way to do it .
The basic requirements of today 's man have changed .
One can have a lot of fun or enjoyment on the trip , if you are guided by a person who knows the area .
But the only reason is that they never give up .
The only possible answer I can come up with is that success is understood to be the ability to invent new ideas , to put into practice novel theories or strategies .
Everyone has fears and feels scared about taking a new challenge .
The population explosion is another factor catalysing the consumption of energy resources .
Why should I do that ?
It can certainly help us to improve to other stages .
but after a while , they found out it was not true .
Although people have a great brain capacity to gain and learn knowledge , it is easy to gain general knowledge about everything .
but what about the stress that they have to undergo , the stress related not only to their position in life but the fight that they undergo for their ambition ?
In the case of vehicles like motor cycles , the number of people is limited to 2 and similarly there are limits to the number of people that can be allowed in the vehicle .
And risk is one of these opportunities .
As I see it , there will be a lot of research done in the future to find such alternitive energies , which will also be environmental-friendly , as well as cheaper .
Speed cameras can be placed in many locations along a highway .
Therefore , I can more enjoy the trip without it .
He is a specialist in computer programming , but he does not know about other fields .
But the experience of painting gives me many new abilities in filmaking .
because I have broad knowledge .
People try to drink it .
If in the city uses their own car , the city will be seriously polluted by smoke .
Dont be afraid to do something new things !
It is better than giving them strong medicine .
Fourtunately their topic becomes more clearer by using this large amount of the concepts provided by the books .
A person can not be successful if they act the same as regular people .
They will have tremendous problems trying to keep their car in a safe place .
Secondly , they have the confidence that a new way will be another way to improve a mechanis .
They have limited ways to have meaning and function like a word .
It also saves your time and makes you study this journal .
Moreover , the decisions of others could be wrong .
To do so , companies must present their products in a better light than they really are , as otherwise , the company 's future , including that one of the employees , might be at risk .
They are a boney and vital part of society .
Youngsters , being healthy , have fewer things to worry about .
She believes people can increase their cultural sense by watching good pieces of music or preciuos movies too .
The most important thing that you can do is not tell him like a baby .
To find new concepts and use them in their future jobs .
I think that the biggest reason is the devised environment compared with the past .
If older people are more acceptable to changes , their lives will be better .
It is very distent for ancestors to move the treasures from Egypt to the Dead Sea .
That means , just learning facts is not going to leave temporary for students .
Although , I often get hurt during this time when thinking about some questions .
My personal perception is that such a behaviour is damaging to a young person 's personality , since it promotes uniformity and conformity , rather than creativity and innovation .
Facts help us to know the utility or advantages of the product that has newly formed .
The other is about the extreme lengths to conserve water .
It is important for everyone to have faith in themselves and always look forward and not stay in one place .
The first theory is that birds navigate in reference to celestial objects like the sun and stars .
Every house nowdayshasacomputer,mobile phones , etc.this is the thing today 's men want to live .
You might be able to be a very successful scholar of the language , but you might not be able to speak the language at all .
These are enjoyable tasks to make your mind set be looking forward to the various experiences .
Those problems do not exist for an online encyclopedia , which can be reached by everybody who has access to an internet connection .
Second , if a park has fire , the animals that are in the park do n't survive .
I think the shrinking market conditions force car companies to fight harder to survive .
Then this phenomenon reminds them that it is time to refering to other subjects .
He could then strive to get practical experience of that field . . After all , theory is lame without practical .
While studying at university , people may still not know which subject they should specialize in .
These activities are only for the future or amusement .
I have had a great influence on my life .
After all , we are the internet generation .
It 's expensive .
Is it really possible ?
That is bravery and being interested in all things .
I will describe those two main issues : to meet modern society 's needs and to be eligiable candidates for some companies .
When Bill Gates was a young man , he attended Harberd University and he was respected by others for just attending Harberd .
Because of fast-paced societies , we ca n't imagine how the world will change .
Otherwise , we are sick and tired of living in the world .
Take the example of Bangalore city in India .
These surveys also demostrate how much young men and women are not aware of the improvements they could afford if they were able to really put themselves in an effective relationship with their communities .
And as a contradiction to this , the professor said that dicease studies are not designed very well .
Therefore , many psychological tricks are used to make a product seem more attractive than it is in reality .
Order to maintain old buildings costs a lot of money .
These factors can only contribute to the growth in the number of cars .
We do not need to look for a parking space .
Sometimes , it is very comfortable , but it 's not important for me .
Internet encyclopedias can contribute to new articles or make an editorial change .
It happens very often that many companies are involved in making the same product and this means competition .
Why is there n't one that was left around Tunguska ?
Have you ever thought about this ?
Because students are young .
This is in contrast to the point in the reading that advertising does not produce any effect on the American people because they receive bombardment from different sources .
If they teach them , they will never forget it and it is beneficial for our country .
I can not imagine that during the next 20 years anything could hinder an American from using his car to drive down to the post office , which is only 3 blocks away .
For instance , when I was in elementary school , I learned mathematics formura without concept .
When you look at the Honda Civic 's advertising , it looks as fancy as a Mercedes , too .
That 's the way it is .
That would be a frequently asked question , so to answer this question we should be aware of the facts .
However far we try to cast a view , gas has become a very expensive item that will even become more expensive .
Clearly , you must show your skills by speaking .
It is more important for themes to understand ideas and concepts than it is for them to learn facts .
Rather than keep his investment within the confines of the oil business where he is the master , he went ahead with his new plan .
They complete each other .
Therefore , if someone comes up with that breakthrough or innovative idea , he will be the first to capitalize on it .
Students may not understand facts very well , but they understand stand the ideas and concepts that are related to the facts .
They wander in the streets wearing all kinds of clothes .
However , almost all of the tour guides would go there with my group members and me .
But this does not happen .
In history , for example , it is helpful to understand what event caused another one , and why . In this way , it is easier to learn that the first one occurred before the second one , and thus it is easier to learn dates .
The fact is that by making the nails ourselves they would probably cost us more than buying them .
There are my children who do not go to school or college or go to movies .
But , in technology and evolution time , people 's minds have arrived at a solution . They must decrease water carriers or water way ships which travel between North America and Eastern Europe , or build more canals and shipports so the load on the ship can be decreased and less zebra mussel is transported .
It can be a good opportunity to make your own time to do anything .
However , she also said that some kinds of birds are shrinking .
Yet I am sure there are a number of exapmles of people who have achieved success that would prove the statement wrong .
This is obvious from the fact that when his mind is not clear and free , a man can not involve himself completely in doing any activity .
However , I have a different way of thinking toward the quote .
First , young people have a lot of problems .
This is an effective solution to stop advancing fires .
This always chalanges consumers to buy a particular commodity in order to satisfy their needs and wants in modern days .
For example , it will be easier for people to concentrate on a subject such as geology , having a broad knowledge of many academics , than to try to concentrate on geology after having studied literature .
After an official training course , we helped the patients to get baths , talked with the elderly people who lived alone , and helped the organization to hold activities during special occasions like Mother 's Day .
You can buy a vavilla cake in a fine store and another vanilla cake in the regular store .
Some guider are not sure about information .
They share their views and ideas within a group .
Hope is the main key to finding a new task .
This is because the choice can appear to students as a common part .
Developing communities want to build more modern buildings .
I strongly believe that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today because of the damage decreasment and technological replacment .
Most importantly , however , zebra mussels often have no predators in their new habitats , and species without natural predatpres are likely to dominate their habitats .
It is possible that because of the energy problem , people 's live styal will be changed .
For example , when I was in school , my Geography book presented `` Ploto '' as the last planet , but recent studies have shown that `` Ploto '' is not a planet at all because of some different characteristics .
But that does not mean that I do not respect and admire others..
For example , in Korea , teachers teach something and students learn what teachers are saying without dissussing with students while in class .
They do not need to know what the facts about that cake are .
First , we can protect our environment by saving oil and gas
By having broad knowledge of many academic subjects , we can pick up more interesting fields of subject and it 's very easy to understand .
And I completely disagree with what the author wants to say .
I support my feeling that it can be part of life .
But on the other hand , there is a risk of poisoning this product , because farmers often feed their fish growth-inducing chemicals .
Think about it . If you are 50~60 years old , you always think about your health .
I advise all people to always keep smiling and have fun in this wonderful life God gave us .
Everybody knows each other .
Another reason for working for a big company is job security .
Indeed , on the one hand , there are obvious signs that cars are doomed to be less and less baught by people .
Although we do n't have good grades , we have tallent to do other things .
The people attending this lecture will mostly be those that are specialists in the topic subject .
To make the products more valuable , they sometimes use strategies to keep the clientele with the same enthusiasm .
Also , the second argument seems to be a bit out of context , as the new technologies may hardly cut down on the numbers of cars used .
But it depends on what level we gain this knowledge .
As the profession said , pressure in water is another reason to have explosions .
For example , banks have many very specialized departements .
Everybody would , in the end , benefit from their experience : people in general and people who want to learn from them .
Boys and girls easily believe them .
At this time , my opinion is that young people enjoy life more than older people do .
More information about how you can get it is the important thing .
This is merely an opinion based on present , albeit established facts .
They have to read special books and articles just because they love the topic .
It is not bad if you know it , it means that your intelligence is high , but a doctor has to be absolutely good at safety and helping ill people .
If however , the student will put only conepts and his/hers ore someone else 's ideas or concepts , which can be mistakes , will make the professor think if the student actually did what was asked for the assignment .
We can just hope that those cars will have a new motor generation which pollutes less .
When I watch TV , radion ...
After he graduated from from university , thanks to his skill at software , he got a job easily and he became the best in his field .
Everybody deserves to enjoy life .
It would increase in price after a few years and its owner would have an overprice and he would be a successful man .
but the professor refutes the idea by illustrating some tested resulta from research condcted by oil that is not taken around the world .
Those who were open enough to try it , had the risk of spending too much money as they chose the first and only tariff which was higher than other suppliers , but they were connected to the world .
The old teaching system is a fair system because it treats teachers on education , teaching skills and finall and the most important thing is teaching experience .
At the time of an emergency , he / she could be of great help if he / she is aware of the child 's health problems and their cure .
The problem is that when we and our competitors have more or less the same resources and the same strategy , both will survive , but the chance of one victory is not ensured .
It is dangerous for the plants and corps and changes rivers too acidic for living fish and other animals .
It is related strongly to our daily life .
With this pupluation outburst , more cars will have to be present to meet the needs of the people .
It was said in the passage that humans are endotherms and maintain their internal body temperatures upto 37 degrees , the same with dinosaurs that they maintain body temperatures upto 37 degrees or more than this temperature .
If there were no concerned adults who had to care for the feeding , care and well being of those children , humanity as we know it would not exist .
As people say , `` luck follows the ones that are brave '' and to destroy your everyday routine you must be brave enough , but that will probably bring you success .
In my opinion , with statement , most advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
There are two crucial facts : no particles from the asteroid explosion , the area of the astroid and the meteriority of the explosion .
Young people more easily adapt to new technologies than old people .
It would be similar to adding a few drops of water to the ocean .
Usually success is connected with some achievement .
If the explorers didnt take risks , we wouldnt discover the new contenant .
The second point is about the evidence . According to the passage , the evidence associates the Sphinx with a known Old Kindgom King , and identifies the Sphinx as honoring Khafre , but the lecture says that this evidence is not strong enough to accept the point . It is not strong either to accept the Old Kingdom King , Khafre and his stone plaque between the Sphinx front paws carries and identifies the khafre .
First of all , you will know a lot of things about this subject because you do not have anything anything else to do .
During the Mao regime , cars were only accessible to politicians or privileged party members .
They say that there are several reasons .
They are very young and they do not have a job , so they can not finish their studies .
However , people who did not join the event seem like the winners because they forgot the event earlier .
Secondly , critics argue that many cases of placebo -induced improvement take place just at a psychological level .
Second , he says the strong private rights developed from the factoriy system and not vice versa .
Buss , subways , even planes are means of travelling which can be used in a lot of areas .
For example , in a science subject , it is necessary that the students understand the way . If not , they ca n't follow the teacher .
Many people watch advertising .
But at that time , people who had knowledge of various fields , were able to find jobs in the surviving field .
There is nothing that has been declined in literature .
They do not have to go to work everyday Instead they may go see a football game in a different city .
Also , it is more comfortable to move .
And you can not imagine any government giving up so many workplaces to unemployment .
Comming to and nature are both the same .
I wish I could go travel somewhere that I can take pictures as much as I want .
For example , if my friends are talking about their problems with computer issues , I will give them advice about how to solve the problems or just to listen to and understand them . I will also help them to be comfortable in our meetings .
For example , famous businessmen travel all over the world everyday !
The knowledge we have will increase our ability to compete in the future .
There are a lot of car companies and every year they make at least 6 or 7 or 8 or more new cars .
If any problem occurs at an older age , it is a very difficult one for them .
I think that talking with a person who has a different mother tongue compared to mine is the best way to learn a new culture and language , however there are no chances to meet them .
This fast pace of economic growth , which can also be observed in a large number of developing nations , has brought about an increase in per capita income and improved lifestyles for individuals .
In modern life it is all about money and what you earn , but that is not only a success .
IN CASES LIKE THAT BMW ARE USING ADVERTISEMENTS WAY TO SHOW HOW REALLY IS THE PRODUCT TO THE PEOPLE .
When Google was founded , other Internet search machines already existed .
I want to have broad knowledge of many academics .
We had a lot of conversations concerning the future of this sector , but never detected signs or future plans for the sector which would implicit a declination in the number of cars .
He knows many countries around the world .
Because getting old is not just age .
It 's not really good .
Maybe when the economy is bad , such people can find new jobs quickly , but it may not be the best job they can do .
The important thing about this case is , each country has to use an official solution for their learning problems .
For example , a reasercher who wants to be successful must take a risk .
The legs of all modern endotherms undernearth the 's body .
So if they do n't update themselves with recent studies , then they will gona tecah to their students .
Second , the high cost of drug testing finally leads to the cost of the unit drug cost being higher than production .
However , the lecturer says that the vague location was described because the ancient people wanted to keep the location of the treasure secret .
However , the importance of the knowledge of facts can not be underestimated .
But , on the contrary , he argues that fluoride also has some disadvantages .
For these reasons , I disagree that young people have more fun than old people .
He mentions that chemicals used for curing illed fish harvested from farms could dangerous wild species .
For example , I like to go to a big city like New York .
When we were born , our parents taught us how to speak . After we grew up , they sent us to school to learn how to write . Sometimes you have to learn the vocabulary from writing , then you can use more words in your speech .
Do you give it to another person to solve ?
Everybody knows sport can improve our body , but we need to try by ourselves then we know . Yes , sport really can help us to get a healthy boay .
Thus , we can easily remember this formura without spending expensive energy and time. , and it is still useful to me .
However , I think that what students like is more important .
They are simply manipulated by the idea of the top-product like best seller , brand , luxury and briefly think about their own safety .
First , he shows that in some cases , placebo made the patient believe he was gon na get cured , which made him create more killing cells , which cured him .
You will be like in one or two or three academic . You get it because everything you know you can use together to make something better .
And this might probably mean that our knowledge is limited .
This rebuffs the reading passage 's explanation that the prescribed might have caused the fire to spread , so it is hard to coordinate .
Now they can afford the lawsuit case against the music industry who sued them for about 100million dollars for inventing p2p software to hack their intellectual property .
Thus , after you return to the city , you may become brothers .
It not incorrect to say that the world is losing some great support systems to which young people can greatly contribute .
Because we need food .
When there is a need to do something , young people do not think .
He will be mature enough to take wise decisions in expanding his business and trying out new things .
The ecological balance should be for the entire area .
Early signs can already be seen .
This is probably because we are all , in general , pampered from the time we were born until well into our adolescence .
The listening part gave usinformation Vulcan , which was found on Mars and also there were bacteria , but no one can indicate what kind of bacteria it was today .
In Korea , we use a day-off system using private vehicles .
The person takes the bike , goes where he wants and leaves the car at his closest bus station .
I can image both statements of views . As far as I am concerned , I consider that cars will not be more and more in the future .
Learning how to play the piano or dance ballet may have been a privilege in the past , but this is not so now .
For example , the school has a regulation that there will be punishment for those who are late entering class .
Accordingly , most students have learned many subjects in their school .
But there are still a lot of people who are not successful yet .
Second , he can not accept the result of lies detectors use as evidence in court .
They are moved by solar energy .
It is true .
And I am going to another country .
Imagine , we could have trees in our garden that produce cherry and apples .
I graduated from university .
On the other hand , in the lecture , the absence of a crater in Tunguska demands an atmosphere .
A lesson is another new thing you gain from an experience .
The young today are aware of their responsibilities as citizens .
But I disagree with this opinion because often the advertisement does n't speak about the functionals of the product but it promises other characteristics that do n't depend on it .
It gives him many advantages in life , and I think that being a knowledge person is a very wonderful thing to have , so we can spend our lives in a successful way and be full of happiness .
In other words , the image in the TV comercial is the most important point that the watcher determines whether he/she plays it or not .
Members gather money for the funeral and help them .
