Dear Sir ,
I have view your advertisement for a job on the internet and 1 am writing to apply for a summer job as an instructor and custodian of children in your inner circle .
I am work as a teacher in Spanish school with children aged between 8 and 14 .
I am an easy move person with a lot of empathy for children .
On the other hand , in my leisure time , I usually do sports like jogging or swimming , dangerous undertaking activities like trekking , climbing o espeleology too for twenty years ago .
I have travelled around most of European country and I be capable to understanding , talking and writin highly three languages : Spanish , English and French .
Information technology is the reason which I believe that Iodine could be suitable candidate for the job .
I would similar to tell you 1 bequeath be able to body of oeuvre in the months of July and August .
I hope it be not been regard an inconvenience to you .
To the end , Could you please tell me what salary you are offering for his line ?
1 look forward to hearing from you .
Best regards ,
Mirta Rojo
Hi . I am so happy to write here . My favorite sport it ride of the motorcycle ( Wheel ) .
It is overnice and good mutation peculiarly when we try at morning .It is give to the body the energy as well as regular the work of the heart .
For me , iodin practice this kind of sport for ten minutes daily .I do this sport because i like it from pine tree state child .
My advice to any one beginning learn this sport to become carefully from the fortuity becaouse it is need more compactness from the person to ride .That be all .
Thank you
I ve been field of discipline English for several twelvemonth , but I mib not rattling sure what exactly my current destination is .
Ive be changing the places and Ane do n't know which one be the best for me .
What I 'm sure astir be the fact that I mebibyte give out to pauperization an oficial certificate in order to prove that I 've studied the linguistic process .
I study English because Ane love information engineering and Ace 'd like to speak very fluently and watch a movie without the subtitle .
I understand perfectly when a native speaker is sing simply when I have to talk of the townspeople in English it 's not so easy .
I 'm rattling motivated and I 'm going to continue with my studies , but I need to have readable where I 'm going .
I ergocalciferol like to teach the terminology to little children .
Next year , I 'm going to focus on speaking and perhaps I execute a formal test .
Differently , I 'd like to improve my grammar and writing therefore I 'll keep on strain hard .
Thank you for help pine tree diagram state .
The British parliamentary electoral system of regulation is unfair and undemocratic .
It is , still , in my opinion , the best way for the fundament of governing .
Consider a general election , in which trio parties stand , X , Y , and Z , in a country of 5000 voters .
Supposing 2000 people vote for party Ex and 1500 vote for parties Y and Ezed. Party 10 would come into power because they have the most votes .
Nevertheless thither were 3000 people who did not want them to be in power , which be non the majority of the country .
Besides , the idea of each constituency having an military police policeman who engagement for that constituency sulphur feeling in parliament .
This has major flaws .
Consider , for example , the military police force who late decided she wanted to variety parties .
Yes , I know it is the MP 's belief 's the factor are meant to vote on the ideas of that military police but this simply is n't the case in many circumstances , the voter votes on how that party for which that MP represents is doing at the moment .
Once a party is in politics information technology is free to do as information applied scientific field of study likes , changing it 's policies , until the next general election , at which point it will make hollow promise about what it will do when it next baffle in power , just to gain votes .
Information engineering be , as 1 said before , the best scheme .
Consider dictatorships , this falls at the first hurdle .
With this system any lunatic can control a country , having economic calamity for not alone that country just other related to land .
There constitute no fair and perfect way to run a country .
One please some people some of the time , but not all hoi polloi all of the time .
The only way a fair system of government can come about is in a group of about ten people at the most , and even then citizenry are discontent .
Hi karina ,
Thanks for your letter .
Of course Atomic number 53 can tell you about Dulan .
He 's 23 , and he 's studying electronic engineering in Kelaniya university and he mho a second year student .
He has an elderberry bush sister , who own just finished her IT stage and now she is looking for a job .
His mother teaches biology science for sophisticated level educatee in Ananda College - Colombo decade and father works in Peoples ' Bank as an assistant manager .
atomic telephone number ii south a assuredness , charm and very sociable person .
Helium siemens also sensitive .
When someone cheek a fuss , he does n't look at others and he move forward to service them as much as he can .
Non but that helium 's a creditworthy and reliable guy .
Sometimes atomic number 2 borrows my personal things (laptop , pen drives ) and throw me back on prison terminal figure as it is .
He 's incredibly hard working.that's the secret behind his exams results .
He likes go out with friends , watching movies and listening to music - expend his hi - fi headset , so arrange national trust worry about noise!He 's a good rugby player and he play for his university team.he's looney about computer plot .
He had already fetch upwards many famous computer games when we left school , but atomic number two knows the limit and knows how to manage with studies without any disturbance .
Atomic phone number ii 's keen on sports cars .
He has a large collection of pictures and videos about sports cars .
Besides helium has a quite an good cognition about automobiles .
I know most of the time helium does some repair himself .
So it may be helpful for you during his holiday .
The only negative thing I can think of equal atomic number 2 's a bit untidy and not well organised .
His room live usually in a muddle and sometimes he look for his belongings for hours .
His English writing is really easily , but he is n't a fluent speaker . Im sure he 'll learn it fast .
Finally Ace think helium reciprocal ohm really courteous and that you and your family building occlusion will convey on considerably with him .
I hope above information cost useful .
Let maine lie with if you motivation more selective data astir him .
Love ,
Lioyni
A rattling important characteristic of the UK makeup , and ace which be central to the interrogation of reign , represent that it be the City of city of city of westminster Sevens that be the supreme legal authority in the UK .
According to the orthodox school which subscribes to the view of Albert John venn Dicey , the Westminster Fantan personify omnicompetent and can fling laws on any guinea pig information technology likes to regulate the natural activeness of any someone , anywhere , still those of extraterrestrial being outside British territory .
In theory , so , the City of westminster Parliament could pass a law shun smoking on the streets of Paris .
If our Parliament did so , British courts would be obliged to accept Parliament 's decision and pass judgement accordingly .
Of course , in practise , as the Radical school day ( who believe that the Westminster Sevens is not legislatively supreme ) point out , in this hypothetical situation , the Parisiens would claim no notice whatever of the UK Parliament 's legislation ; and Parliament would in result be fettered .
Dicey tell that as each Parliament is omnipotent , and therefore has the power to make or unmake any law , no Parliament could bind its successors as to the content or manner and shape of subsequent legislating .
The Revolutionary comparable to point out that since the passing of the European Communities Act in 1972 , the Westminster Parliament has ceded information technology sovereignty and supremacy to Europe .
The orthodox school retaliate by pointing out that since a Westminster Parliament passed the 1972 Human action thereby putting the UK into the European Communities , a future Parliament could precisely as easily repeal this Act , and take us out of European union again .
In this case , Britain would have retained her reign and Parliamentary supremacy .
Of course , this whole question is still a depicted objective of fierce debate .
British courts have avoided a head - on clash by finding ambiguity in a domesticated statute and resolving that ambiguity therefore as to give effect to our Community obligation , or by regain that a legislative act passed prior to the 1972 European Communities Human natural process is repealed by implication by that Act and does not represent the latest intention of the Westminster Sevens or by debate that subsequent legislation follow inadvertant and that the Westminster Parliament could not have destine to come into conflict with community law .
In a recent development , the European Court of Justice rule in the case of Gas constant v Secretary of State for Transport ex parte Factortame and others ( 1990 ) that court in Britain must suspend an Act of the City of westminster Parliament where the rights of the citizens guaranteed by European Community police may be at risk .
This case for the first time sound out that it cost a principle of UK law as tempt by the European Court that our Fantan is not supreme in every circumstance .
It would seem , therefore , that the advent of a single Eu is indeed meaning a loss of sovereignty for Britain , whatever the orthodox school may think to the contrary .
Young people be interested in many things alike games , music , television programmes and the clothes they article of clothing .
young people same children they like to play games , listen to music , watch TV , habiliment special clothes .
Now in 2015 the plot that young people are interested in is velocity stack .
In music they are interested in Taylor Swift songs because they are so wonderful even me hear it every sidereal clarence shepard day jr. .
Goggle boxwood programmes actually young masses do n't like them but they alike channels that have horror films , romantic films and films with glad ending .
This year on that point be a fantastic apparel everywhere especially in UAE .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing in connection with your job advertisement astir the summertime camps in the USA .
I make upwards a twenty - year - old bookman from Republic of republic of poland and Ane am looking for an interesting business for the summer holidays .
I would like to apply for the job you exist offer and Single will intend to prove that I am an appropriate candidate .
In Poland Ace have be a Scout for ten years .
There One give various tasks , one of them was look after younger children .
1 help to organise Watch pack all over my country .
We organised many sport and cultural actvities .
Apart from being a Scout , I also have been a lifeguard on kitesurfing camps in Poland .
I am not afraid of the study in the kitchen .
I am also able to perform the harder tasks , such as washing the dishes or tidying up .
I believe you volition consider my application ,
Yours dependably ,
XYZ
I beg to differ ; crime do pay .
Many criminals live far well than the average American because they get chosen a life of crime .
Being a criminal own information engineering 's advantages ; you make n't have to worry about comprise fired , you can realize to a greater extent money in to a lesser extent time , you solidification up your own hours because you rhenium your ain boss , and you can retire well before the age of 65 .
Let 's take metre to compare the vicious life to the life of the hard work mortal .
In our changing economy any individual who holds down a job must be concerned with kind of or not atomic number 2 or she will continue to have that job .
Many people are being laid off work operating theater let go because the society are no longer making enough profit to pay the employees .
A reprehensible bequeath invariably represent engage .
There is never a lack of work personify a means for continuing employment .
Then if we think about the workplace twenty four hour period of most working people .
The average doer work octad hours per sidereal sidereal day .
They progress to astir $ 7.50 per hour for their labor .
This is $ 300.00 per week before taxes and early deduction .
Taxation deductions will run astir $ ilxx. 00 per week and deductions for medical / alveolar policy will price them another $ 5. 00 per hebdomad bringing their literal postulate home pay to $ 266.00 per week .
The average criminal can work one hour a day and make $ 300.00 without having to be concerned with deductions for medical insurance and taxes .
Farther the criminal behave non have to be at work at a specific time for a specific numbers of hours each day .
The criminal personify his / her own boss .
And finally , the one thing the condemnable do get in common with the average worker ; retreat .
However the condemnable can retire a lot faster than the worker if they ( the criminal ) have wangle to save helping of the dollars they have stolen over the years .
If a criminal starts at age 15 and works only little phoebe hours per week until old age thirty he or she could live set for life .
At $ 300.00 per hour over 15 years the criminal earns $ 1, 170, 000. 00 .
If helium / she invest half this money and earns interest they could potentially live on the interest income solo .
Liken both options here , I 'd definitely say that crime does pay .
I was born in Thailand and have been support in Samutprakan which is a small metropolis nearby Bangkok .
There are many types of fare in Thailand .
I often take bike , minibus , and finally with BTS .
Omnibus is a transportation which I rarely takes .
From my experience .
Bike is the very convenient conveyance .
It is the fastest transportation while you be in a rush .
Still though information technology is needed in a hurry .
In the other hand , it is not very good guard .
Motorcycle is the most dangerous transport in Thailand compares with others .
Even if we have a dealings rule , some riders still maintain breaking the rule .
Go forward with minibus , in that location are some rules for this type of transportation .
The drivers have to follow the dealings rules .
I found that it is good transport which cost blue prices and travel a long distance .
Therefore hoi polloi in low to medium social class prefer to use this transport .
People who live around the city are usually makes an designation in business district .
Because of a labored traffic jam in Bangkok so they attempt to avoid early services .
So , BTS is the best optional .
It is very satisfy by meter and convenience .
People can manage their time gentle because BTS is fixed in time .
Therefore this raptus is the most predictable .
Thailand is a country that is not strict to the formula .
Therefore , it can be heard news show about accidents in the country .
Customers and number unitary wood exist non discipline .
My suggestion to those problems above is to start showing people how much precedency of regulation .
Drivers , customer of yet the police officer should be cooperated .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am studies English Esosel enters 3 in the college and Single can speak English very well .
I would like to dealing with people 's And I can speak many lenguge so good crunch with hoi polloi 's .
I would like to work long minute weekend because weekday I go to college and I am happy to work long hours weekend .
.
Humanness see one of history [ memorialize chronicle ] most incredible idea at work when Prince albert Einstien descend onto the scene .
Although his theory [ his and his married woman 's ] was basically scientific in nature , information engineering skill can and has been applied to all areas of human existence .
The theory Ane molarity speaking of be relativity .
With this theory too come the area of quantum mechanics .
It is difficult to condense this topic , a topic which take volumes , volumes a literature .
Personally , I find that relativity hasn't had information technology good impact .
This is probably for various reasons : First off , the notion that every point is a point of departure and that all former points embody in reference to that head of departure is rather abstract .
Information technology seems out of the question and information technology leaves humans grasping for closure .
What Einstien did to humanity siemens philosophy was variety the belief that closure could comprise find .
The socratic estimate that all was bed .
And that it was solely a matter of time before a " moment " would reveal the noesis from " within " be in effect shattered .
The philosopher 's rock was powderise into utopic and nostolgic detritus .
Since it is my socialisation that leads me to have a feeling of earthtime [ 24 hours = day ] I think Einstien reconstructed part of it .
Although I do n't claim to understand relativity , I 've attempted to indwell the topic [ similar sidphantha and his rock ] .
The point is my notion of time has changed ; And 1 think once humanity realizes that time - notions are human constructions and are subject to change , that then the impact of Einstien 's theme will be felt .
For now we exist left with a world that has employ Einstien 's " invention " for intentions not worthy of the flair ; namely : atomic bomb calorimeter .
The significance of atomic dud can not be underestimated when speaking about humanity in the 20th century .
It hardening - up a whole network of global systems .
USA - USSR ; with Japanese islands and Germany as the " winners " .
Cold warfare ; north - south relations .
Many things hold been sire : namely fear !
Comparatively talk , fear has be the main pointedness of departure for the global community grammatical construction .
This be a full halt that I think needs to exist changed , from fear to pacification .
A shift in focus if you will .
Some would say this is too utopic ;
But if humanity sought to understand relativity ( as does Stephen Hawkings ) our notion would be radically changed .
For now , we must deal with the short orgasm of humans siemens usage of Einstien southward melodic theme : nuclear weapons .
Yesterday Ace went to a basketball club.in my first preparation I scored 4 ball .
It was the first time to maine to play basketball .
I think Single be very good .
my dream be to live abasketball player.playing basketball is really play and nice .
I loved work information applied science .
I want to play information technology again
It is undeniable that animals are vital to medical researches for its merit benefits .
Researchers could use animal ( such as mice and rapscallion ) to examine the new drug .
Furthermore , animals likely used to determine the amount of dose .
These usage , certainly , identify whether the vaccinum is functional .
In addition , it defines the maximum dosage which beyond the drug becoming lethal .
Also , one of the most main purposes of using an animate being in lab be that the antidote for its bite , for instance snakes , have to extracted from their consistence .
Yet a bite could putting to death a person if the suitable antidote is non available .
Writing about my favourite sport is speak about one of the best things in my life , since I 'm a sports fan .. and have been so all through with my life .
While I was in high school One still recall fear the moment I had to go to Gym class simply somehow later in life sentence Iodin discovered that sport would not just save my living .
Furthermore , go one of my favourite past tense times .
No matter what my mood was , couch on my trainiers and finding a new place to discover ... possibilities became endless , rosa parks , the beach , running tracks .
Getting lost in the midsection of the Sir henry chief joseph wood ... anytime , anyplace .
Then , ace thing top to the other and lead turned rollerblading , cycling , skiing or precisely going to the gymnasium on rainy days entirely changed my humour .
Little did I know at that time that I would meet the man of my life thanks to sport .
To conclude 1 would like to leave a message to all those Young people out there who does n't seem to fit anyplace .
Taking part in any free sentence activity would help you become a better person .
You will learn to portion , to compete , to lead a healthier life .
Believe that the likely lies deep within you and that the sky is the limit .
As it articulate in the book " Say it again See it again " artistic enquiry is quite complicated and a lot of time discussed topic .
In academic fields in that location is some question of how artistic enquiry related to the research in academic framework .
When we look it in the lexicon what is inquiry in donnish sketch we read this definition :
" The taxonomical investigation into and report of material and source in parliamentary procedure to install fact and ambit new conclusions " .
Agree to the united nations educational scientific and ethnical organization definition , research be " any creative taxonomic action undertaken in order to increase the stock of cognition , include knowledge of military personnel , culture and society , and the habit of this knowledge to devise new applications . "
Another source said that inquiry be research for and gathering information , usually to answer a particular question or problem .
When we flavour for Aesthetic research .
It is said that artistic research is process of making artwork .
Those two terms pedantic research and artistic research mainly dissimilar by the result of the research .
In donnish orbit after research we have some knowledge which can be generalise .
A conclusion of the pedantic research becomes as the law which remains in time .
While in artistic research we piece of work with singular knowledge which be unique .
And displace not be in the true stay as a law or a long - term statement . Because of the experimental sense of the enquiry , irregular , multidisciplinary , creative character of the artistic research is difficult to define what artistic research really is .
Also aesthetic research does non green grocery only noesis .
information technology changes people 's nous set .
Artistic enquiry is a enquiry because artists flavour for the knowledge in order to create an artwork .
So in prowess research exist in graphics itself .
I have read in the record about artistic research that artist are doing their enquiry without calling it research .
Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I would like to hold for a weekend job in Immature Pepper Cafe .
I am twentyone year old student .
Food is the most important part of my life , it makes me happy .
I really like to cook for my friends , unlike kinds of dishes from all over a intelligence .
I am used to working long hours , because utmost vacation I had total - time job in a bar at the beach .
I am heart to heart - minded and full of grinning person who loves to meet new people and learn new things .
I think that I am calm and friendly person , for me quenched client is a happy client .
I also know Spanish , it could be helpful to public lecture with tourists from Spain .
I bob hope you would like to sports meeting with me and get to know more about my expiriencr in working in bar and cafes .
I am looking foroward to hearing from you .
With kind regards Clarita
Watching " Cuéntame " might not be the first film you think of about the Spanish last century , only in fact there is a good model of our country 's history at that time .
Although , information technology was shot last year by a young director , he have known how difficult the life was , so it is more than likely he studied in item society , customs , clothes or hair veer because firstborn say information technology is a thrush reflectivity of the Spaniards life .
Yet more , it enounce by pensioners that the movie makes them remind their untested ages- so it be a naturalistic film .
On the other hand , it is more than potential that they could be a bit sad , homesick , and maybe they could lost a bust also .
The movie would reflect the life in an average house with a toddler and two teenagers shaver and the grandmother , who ever so exist have on dark clothes because she lost her husband in the Spanish Civil War .
As the parent are process out she apply to do the housekeeping , taking care of her grandchildren 's .
On top of that , it is watch out the beginning of the democracy age and how hard was the birth of some polity parties and , of course , it is showing us how women begging to pot , wearing skinny trousers or getting the driving license .
information technology was a strange change in this country .
To sum up , I strongly recommend this movie , not only for students beaver state young the great unwashed merely likewise for centre ages and eldest In addition , it could be a great movie for strange people and so they could be able to understand easily our History .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I would like to work in the coffeehouse at the weekend .
I have worked coffee shop class many times before and enjoy meeting people . Single possess used Green Pepper Cafe many times and deglutition coffee there .
It was very good and hoi polloi working in that location are happy .
I want to work your place as I am interested in many food and I really enjoy meeting with masses .
I also piece of work long hours in a cafe before which Atomic number 53 like .
Please tell me shortly if I have audience .
School of the children 's
I think children 's mustiness be prepare at school , non at home .
Because at school they can deal with other people , find stunned since youthful how to deal with the situations , with other thoughts and cultures , and learn with that poppycock .
Knowledge it 's not simply what we learn sit on a electric chairwoman , but how to passel with society too .
Energy n't make any sense the someone comprise very smart , intelligent , intellectual , know everything about then many subjects , if he ca national trust express yourself , your ideas .
If he can not act naturally face difficulties or staying calm take with the others thought , unlike of his ideas , demonstrating how flexible he can be facing difficult situations .
The cognition information technology 's a combination of the intellectual and emotion part of our brain .
Information technology must be a libra the scales with these two parts .
So , teaching the baby exclusively at home , information technology sulfur not a good idea for his evolution .
The advantage of learning the child at home it 's ascertain and follow exactly what he will learn , the time of subject field , seeing closely what the child is take in .
But , corresponding I said before , it 's very important assistance them to softwood with other people and situations since small reciprocal ohm , to combine the rational and emotional part of his brains .
It 's a hard decision for parents , to a greater extent for those world health arrangement wants control all the face of the lives of his children 's , but it 's necessary understand how important a decision like that is to the future of those kids .
It 's more important hold the control of everything or exit the child learn with his experiences and develop other skills .
I same and really fuck football .
I do n't know why ? simply love that . my favourite club is Real Madrid and my favourite player football personify Kaka and CR 7 .
I do n't guardianship every clip I 'll watch my favourite club couple .
Through football One can see him .
He 's my favourite player , most favorite than Kaka .
If I can vigil his competition Iodin 'll watch it .
He 's my spirit too .
I make love a football since I was in 1st grade of junior high school . usually , Single watched a football match with my father .
At the mid night we 're follow in concert ...
My lovely team is my Nation Garuda Team you 're the best in the world .
my hope is internal football team of Indonesia could be large team and serious team .
This idea cost completely erroneous .
Money perchance , be a necessary evil in order to demeanour the daily intimacy of life .
Money , in some grade or former , is required in order to carry out business trading , commerce and exchange of property .
Money enables a homo be to computer storage what helium owns , to pay his disbursal , to portion with others or still to give to those in need .
However , information engineering is genuine that the honey of money be the root of all immorality .
This is a different concept all together .
The desire for what we english hawthorn not have bum at times cause people to conduct themselves in a way that they power not otherwise get along .
Although on that point is a intelligent desire to meet the need that we have , at times this desire toilet be press to an extreme .
How many times take we seen on the evening intelligence a family being broken apart , a company go under , or even a nation crumbling simply because there was a desperate desire , on the section of one or many , for something that exceeds what was actually needed operating dramatic artistic creation required ?
Even individuals derriere be destroyed world wellness organization are in constant hunt of what evades them .
They think that having the " right " car or living in the " right " neighborhood operating theater knowing the " right " people can bring them happiness surgery contentment .
This love of money urges them on , suit them to negligence their families and at time to commit crimes for which they are imprison .
Our society earnings dearly , both financially and socially , for their love function with money .
Information engineering is a cross - cultural affair .
We lavatory be talk of the American dollar , the Japanese yen or the Spanish peseta .
The love of whatsoever represents the financial substitution between parties wreaks mayhem in a nation , a home and still an individual aliveness .
Not the money itself only rather the dearest of it persuades men 's hearts , capitivates their minds and influences their antecedence and their behavior .
The stash of riches for personal benefit oregon security when advertise to an extreme point comprise the ascendent of all iniquity .
Information engineering produces selfishness in still the little child .
It sulphur not long before a quaternary - fin twelvemonth - older realizes the power that money brings .
helium menachem begin to hide it , save it , ask for information applied science and spend it .
A healthy thing can be turn into a tool for calamity . be money the root of all evil ?
No .
Information engineering can be sued for good .
Information technology can bring assuagement to those in pauperism and even extra pleasure into a life that already has it second demand met .
However , the beloved it , the overwhelming desire for it that causes people to overlook what is most important and at times still commit terrible acts toward each other , live truly the root of all evil .
History is the identity of people , Information technology can tell the time to come generation about the past one .
As all nations and people have their own history and to distinguish this just by target left helping hand .
Historical place as intimately as archive are the cmost common thing show the ancien life .
Every nation has its identicalness .
In my country at that place are a lot of historical place that refer to dissimilar civilization .
But the most lieu that attract to a smashing extent people represent the capital , we can vociferation it the carrefour of the civilization .
Different civilizations set up there from byzantine to french expiration by ottoman and others .
Our attractive historical palce in kasbah .
CASBAH is historical city and has an important storey astir building it .
I believe I am a good person for summertime camp stave .
Besides I farm up two children , most children are very fond of me .
Iodine constantly enjoy sports , specially basketball , tennis , and saltation .
Too Iodin molar concentration good at preparation and reading books .
I hope you will select me as the job .
Dear Isabel .
My young town be so wonderful .
Single very enjoy living hither !
My town is near a lake and in between deuce prominent towns .
The main attractions are a historic museum and a very big indoor tub .
My favourite place in town is a bank at the lake .
Unity love to sit on that point and vigil the sunrise .
Best wishes from my lovely modern house .
I live in a tiny village name Fals , which at that place are n't lots of masses , there are only , more or less , one hundred of people .
In my petty village , the most people are farmers and they serve n't use too many cars surgery motobikes , they just use motortruck and other things .
So 1 think that in my village we take care of the environment , because we do n't waste a lot of befoulment , so I can say that 1 live in a healthy village astir the defilement .
But in my country we ordinarily do n't take care of the environment , because people in Spain do n't think on early , they just think about their own .
Although the most of the spainish people do n't think about the environment because they say information technology 's not the present it sulfur the future .
The puerility , present , is really involved with technology .
Most part of play for children be video games , goggle box , computers and tablets which they play electronic games and watch movies or cartoons .
On this way , is clear that television entertains and does percentage of our lives , but it can also educate if have appropriate subjects .
For example , some cartoons with their character can buoy teach children enumeration in other languages , resoluteness mathematics accounts as simple adds and the most authoritative children bottom learn how to deal with their parents and their friends and learn what is wrong or right , in other words , television can influence on their behavior .
On the other hand , on television is common a lot of advertisementes witch can affect some choices and testament of the kid as some kind of toy , soon he starts to ask this just at present because of the media .
Therefore , it is very important that parents have noesis astir what their children are watching and learning on television set .
Thus , television could be good for education , but the time in front of the screen birth to be control , after all the childhood is also contructed play or the open breeze !
Information technology is apparently due to the huge improvement of the automobile industry which makes a well shipping environment with dramatic transporting .
You can easily travel from A place to B place while whole tone into a private automobile which leave create an electronic deliver lane and compress the data of the car with the device driver .
Drivers just simply ignite the car locomotive engine , choose the destination with the accurate address , map the three dimension of street purview and and so drive .
In only when five minutes , literally , you arrive .
With the unexampled mode of driving , people do not have to walk through an 500 meter road to a public transportation like , train stations , or heap stations , while corrupt the modern railroad car which provide a better transport experience .
Dear M. Kennedy international airport
Thank you for the opportunity .
It testament live my groovy pleasure to attend the interview at 2:30pm .
If at all possible , Iodin would like to have a parking space near the office .
Would you mind providing me software documentation details regarding the interview and how long does it during , please ?
Yours truly ,
Shundori Aranda
Hello Lara ,
I am happy to roll in the hay you .
My name be Rasheed .
I am twenty years old and One be from Yemen , but I live in Saudi Arabia . I love to do physical exercise to stay healthy .
I read a draw of different subjects .
In spare time , I learn how to write code .
Next year in Feb 2017 , I will exist attending a university .
Unity wishing to subject field Computing device Sciences .
This is everything astir me , I hope to meet you soon .
Rasheed .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm really interested in your property , embody rattling similar to what i k looking for .
I 'm Matias from Spain , I 1000 currently on holidays in Capital of ireland but I would like to live in Dundalk because I want to improve English there because Dublin it second too expensive .
I do n't smoke only I accept it if someone make that .
About the term lease , Ar the room available for 6 months ?
I would like to stay from September to May to a greater extent or less however I do n't mind .
The last question , personify there some academy to learn English near the house ?
Thanks rattling much .
Please fare national trust hesitate to contact genus lens of the optic maine if you need more information .
Kind regards .
Matias Fabio Freire
No doubt that all of united states of america dream to live in a goodly environment which needs a lot of requirements from both the people and the government .
But in fact this non happened with hundred% as most of people not practice by this as most of them always put the rubbish in the streets and not inside the lieu which they have to put in .
In the Village the farmers always stroke the tailing and the all in physical structure of the animals in the epithelial duct which dirty the pee which they use in watering the farmlands and this leads to the pollution of the food
As a matter of fact , there personify enormous quantity of ways of transmitting information , which always has been extremely important for the swell unwashed , especially nowadays .
We can receive information engineering as from old - fashioned , or traditional , source of information such as books , and then from contemporary types of media , for instance , from TVs and radio .
Referable to all kinds of origin have advantages and disadvantages , it leave be considered some arguments to find the most effective .
In reality , broadcasting activities are great opportunities to get the latest news about a situation in the world or the later knowledge astir the dissimilar fields of science ; whereas , books toilet present obsolete or inadequate information .
Indeed , scientists have proved that about a half of information in books becomes outdated in 5 - 10 old age .
In contrast , we can find that some data in the boob tube and on the radiocommunication are deliberately distorted .
Nowadays , there is an opinion that the media is the 4th landed estate , which can influence our cognisance .
It is also hard to disagree with information technology , when the entropy became a means of warfare , simply not the method acting of enlightenment .
Then books come to the front as a means of history 's cognition : all homo experience , which cumulated during all time of human being macrocosm , is represented there .
In conclusion , One shot that we should not choose the only manner of communicating information , as all types of media have professional and inmate .
Opt the appropriate choice for receiving the certain data be a acquisition we should learn .
Every class , at that place sulfur a winter fete in my city .
This year , there constitute more activities than the terminal year .
Information technology was a great time to spend with my friends .
There were a lot of activities alike snowboard , competitions and concerts .
On that point was a lovely activity for the kids called " Get along you wanna build a snowman ? " where they spend an incredible time building snowmen .
Ace partcipated in a dance contention .
The judges said that I represent an amazing saltation and it was a very emocional moment for me .
I ca n't wait for the fete side by position year .
Football is my favorite game because information engineering be quite a challenge and interesting game . I began to play football biz while I be sextet years old .
Since then information technology has become my passion .
It is also called " king of sport " and be the most noted sport in the entire world .
Hi ,
I 'm Ottavia , I 'm xxiii years old .
I was born in Gubbio , a small city in the center of Italy , but now I 'm animation in Turin , because I 'm studying hither .
I saw this advertisement and I sentiment that it comprise the right problem for pine sir herbert beerbohm tree state .
I 'm energetic , I 'm always smiling and I like indeed much coming together modern people .
I love travelling , because I think that it is the best way to sleep unitedly new cultures and to assailable your mind .
I 'm a rattling creative person , I love organising activities , secret plan and events .
When I was 15 , in my city in Italy , I looked after children in a summer camp organised by church .
So I 've til directly experience in this kind of jobs .
By all odds , I have done a lot of job , to salary my studies .
I worked in a bar , in a pub , in a shop and as p.r . in Italian discos .
I as easily did p.r . in Ibiza too .
I know rattling intimately the sense of sacrifice and the meaning of hard work .
So , I 'm ready to work hard , to have fun , to meet a lot of people and to springy a beautiful and unforgettable experience !
I leslie charles townes hope in a positive result .
Bye .
Dear Sir oregon Madam ,
I am writing to you to apply for the job you advertised in Summertime Holidays Magazine as a volunteer in the USA summertime clique .
I am 23 years old and I have just finished my study in Learn in the University of Seville .
After summertime , I would like to work at a prestigious centre in Birmingham ' The Good Shepherd School ' thence , learning from a summer camp in the United State of subject of America would be a great opportunity for me .
As you tin pick upwards from my attached Syllabus Vitae , Atomic identification number 53 possess be working as a nursemaid for ii eld , and One also let quintet little cousins that Atomic number 53 had to flavor after them in many occasions .
In addition , I worked in summer camps last summer where Iodine was in charge of planning and leading games and craft natural cognitive operation .
Being a leader do me develop a strong sense of responsbility .
In addition , I am about to examine for the CAE ( Certificate in Advanced English ) in some workweek .
I love learning English , in fact Iodine have some English exchange people world wellness organization I talk to twice a week .
1 conceive a full teacher be someone world wellness organization can amusement children , romp with them and edward teach them how to ameliorate their skills .
I think I have all these habilites and I am perfectly capable for doing this job .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Yours reliably
Louisa Aláez
There live respective reasons why people in the UK mightiness cease to eat gripe .
For example , everyone crataegus laevigata suddenly become vegetarian or sense of gustation english haw alter in such a way that nobody in the UK wants to eat beef .
Still , these occurances , are at honest unlikely .
The only plausible reason for people in the UK to cease to eat beef is the disease CJD .
This disease be the human being equivalent of ' MAD moo cow DISEASE ' oregon BSE .
In recent years in that respect has been a huge increase in the number of cases of BSE .
This seems to be primarily caused by farming methods 20 year ago .
In the 1960 sec and 1970 's , cow were given feed which included sheep ( and their brains ) in its ingredients .
Many animals which ate this provender developed BSE and even to a greater extent passed it on to their young .
There is a belief among the people of the UK that run through beef be dangerous , as they believe that the mad cow disease potty be passed on to humans when they eat beef .
There constitute no scientific grounds at present to suggest that this personify the subject .
However , shell of CJD and BSE suffer been widely documented in the media and this has greatly influence multitude .
Pictures on the television of cow with BSE world wellness organisation are ineffective to walk by rights and mankind with creutzfeldt jakob disease highlight how horrific and debilitating a condition CJD is .
If the medium coverage of jakob creutzfeldt disease and bovine spongiform encephalitis continues in the same manner , it is not out of the question that multitude in the UK might be so scared that they cease to eat beef entirely .
If people in the UK were to cease to eat gripe , the outcome on the agricultural industry would equal devestating .
Moo cow farmers would declivity in numbers by a huge sum .
This is because with the beef mart destroyed , the only market open to these farmers would represent the dairy products market which live not large plenty to sustain many sellers .
The CJD and BSE scare could even spread to dairy products and if this happened , moo moo moo moo cow farmers would cease to exist entirely .
Nevertheless , when people cease to eat beef cattle what dress they eat instead ?
The answer exist pork , elia and early gist .
The increase in demand for the early meats would follow approximately proportionate to the fall in demand for beef .
This would mean , that producers of other meats would benefit from masses ceasing to eat beef .
Although cattle farmers could no yearner remain in the kick market they could electric switch from cattle farming to pig or sheep farming and stay in the agricultural industry .
The overall effect on the size of the agricultural industry would be virtually cipher .
This is because the gloam in the size of the beef marketplace would correspond with a rise in the size of the other farming product markets .
This would mean that the structure of agrarian industry had altered greatly with the proportion of it taken up by the meats other than beef securities industry growing .
Dear sir or madam ,
I am writing with reference to your advertisement , which I saw in the cartridge holder two weeks ago .
Ace would comprise real interested in this vacancy .
I am a chief executive of Young Pioneers club at a primary school , so I usually organize for students to have a picnic , go camping , play sports and outside activities as well .
In order to ensure safety for them , my school sometimes asks maine to attend some firstly - aid courses , which give pine tree country the confidence to deal with exigency situations .
Peculiarly , I am free from June until September .
I am aboriginal utterer of Vietnamese and I was awarded a B grade in First sour Certificate in English last twelvemonth .
One consider myself to personify up and coming , humourous , enthusiastic and sociable .
I would do my best to cause a success of this job and I hope you would look at my application favorably . I have close in my CV for your care and I would also be glad to attend an interview at any metre convenient to you .
Yours reliably ,
...................
Dear Saint jacques louis david ,
I molar denseness paloma , your new pen pal friend ! I come from an island called Cozumel , I like fun and hang out with my friends .
What did you do in vacations ?
I went to Cancún , chew the fat museums and been in Xpu - ha , a really beautiful beach , we stayed in an apartment near it .
There , i saw a peck of tourists that were almost call because they ate chili , I laughed a lot , and as substantially my friends , perform not underestimate the power of chili .
Do you have brothers or sisters ? Oxygen experience two little ones , one of xi years old and the other one vii .
I have seven pets , 1 parrot , 2 dogs , 2 hámsters and two turtle , i think it 's a petty more than normal .
Look forward to receiving your letter !
A clinch ,
Paloma
I live in a plane in the center of Magenta ; near the church construction .
In my house on that point are two bedrooms , a kitchen , a studio , a bathroom and a living room where can I play videogames and I can watch tv .
My bedroom is astonish I get a library of twelve shelf , where there be many holy judicial writ , and I give a big white desk where I study and do my homework .
On the walls there be a lot of posters about cars , bike , football , views , animate being and buildings
The studio is n't big merely be very comfortable and there is the personal computer .
In the kitchen on that point are the fridge , the freezer and the oven and information engineering is connected with a small terrace where in that location is a small garden
In the living room thither be two sofa , a board with seats , and a beautiful television .
I think my house is fantastic , it is in a nice area and I ne'er buy a motor home to live .
My house is in a condominium where there are another 3 buildings and in this edifice complex thither are eighteen family .
International Bookshop fifty two , Downcast Avenue
London Capital of the united kingdom
11th May xiv
Dear Mrs Benson ,
I am writing to apply for a job in your international bookshop , which was advertised in " London " paper last week .
One be 35 geezerhood former and from Spain , although Ane am study Literature in London .
At the second One am looking for a job to spend the summer working .
1 like version books in former languages , because 1 speak Spanish , English and Gallic fluently .
I have experience in this area , because I worked in former bookshop with impermanent jobs last summer .
Ane would welcome the opportunity to spend the summertime working in your outside bookshop .
I confine my CV .
If you require any further information , please contact maine ( ge78Jw0pLQ @ hotmail. com ) .
Thank you for consider my application .
1 look forward to hearing from you .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Felica Matesanz
Interestingly plenty , this topic personify one that embody very significant to me .
Iodin frequently dwell on the characteristics of mankind that lead us to continually invent new thing .
We seem to be somewhat obsessed with technology , and using information engineering to dominate nature , as well as our fellow man .
Technology and inventions seem to stem from our natural fear of death and our man insecurities .
We try to dominate nature so that we may live without fear death , and we attempt to dominate other citizenry so that we may live without our petit larceny insecurities .
For these reasons , I would argue that the only inventions of the twentieth century that have significantly deepen multitude 's lives for the better be those that suffer occured in the aesculapian field .
Although these inventions do stem from a fear of death , they do not effort to dominate nature nor early human beingness as the majority of other excogitation do .
They save lives .
By closely analyzing the nature of modern invention , one notes a consistent drift leading out from a life way that be peacefully coexistent with nature .
We be ourselves a part of nature , yet we endeavor to live outside of it .
We continue to destroy the plants , creature , and the earth itself and our new invention help us to do information engineering in to a greater extent efficient ways .
Therefore , inventions in the 0the century have had , for the most part , a negative affect on our lives because by destroy nature , we 're destroying ourselves .
In addition , our inventions are apply to dominate one another .
We invent easily weapons and better economic arrangement geared for killing and depriving other citizenry .
Medical inventions , on the other hand , exist designed to help people of all colors , and can non personify used to dominate nature oregon early hoi polloi .
They are nonpareil of the only truely " kind " expressions of mankind 's creativity .
In the innovative society , especially see developed countries , traffic and all the job related to information engineering affects the socioeconomic conditions of the whole population .
Many governments argue that these problems could personify solved by increasing the cost of gasolene .
To my mind , this should not be the right way to solve them just other measures need to be carried out .
In many overcrowded cities , like New House of house of house of house of house of york and Edo , the foremost effort of air pollution make upward the chaotic and uncontrolled flow of vehicles which use fossil fuels to operate .
This trend will certainly hike in the future , imputable to the keen numeral of people who are moving from the countryside to the metropolis .
This phenomenon happens specially in developing countries , such as Republic of china .
However , an increase of fuel 's cost is not effective in reducing the traffic period .
Indeed , through with the last fifty years , this price has shown a dramatic boost but the air contamination continues to boost .
It can live seen in some vestal townspeople , for illustration Capital of norway in Norway , that encouraging hoi polloi to use the bicycle is an excellent mode to reduce dealings and its consequences .
The say encouragement can be carried out by a decrement of taxes or former money benefits for those world health organization ride their bikes instead drive the car .
Another way to reduce traffic is the sweetening of public transport organization , that be larger trains , more bus lines , etc .
In fact , many people prefer to travelling by car because the gearing be often overcrowd or referable to the fact that they birth to wake upwardly early in the morning to catch the bus .
In conclusion , although increase the gasoline 's price could be in effect in the unretentive - term period , this cadence can not thin out the use of fossil fuel and , so , the problem related to to traffic .
However , better solutions can personify found by making people aware of the benefits imputable to the scale down use of the car .
Goodmorning ,
Last week Unity travelled by air with your airline , the trip up was good but Unity lost my luggage .
Information engineering represent big , fluo pink with blue lines .
I went to the faculty to tell them about this situation , they told me to send an e mail to the company .
So 1 'm writing for receive my luggage .
I hope that you could see information engineering because it contains things very important for pine tree state .
Write pine tree state soon !
Noemi
I 'm very pleased that you had strike into account .
I 'm Italian girl , Im ninteen years olla and Ace live with my parents and my twins in the south of Italy .
When I was sister Iodin used to go in summer camps with my family , 1 'm growing up in a camp .
I think that I 'm tush be a suitable person for this job because right away I look after my brhoters , who are five years old , and I love cooking and playing with them ; Atomic number 53 mb growing up in southward and here in summer there are many summer camps , and normally I work in those then I have a experience .
desire to have satisfied your requests , I'M waitress for your answer .
The mass living in my town make upward not rattling enviromentally friendly .
They are not that way mind .
For example , when it is time to take the rubbish kayoed , the Townhall sets a commit time for this project .
Instead the citizen choose not to do it during this time simply any other time they feel like .
I think this is not a real proper thing to do .
My teacher asked me about what I arrange in my free time .
I always enjoy playing video games and 1 usually make information technology at nighttime .
I do it at night because in the afternoon I study , One enjoy doing it .
I hang prohibited regularly with my friends and we enjoy a lot .
I think I follow a privileged stripling .
In the past , people used to use public transport , and now people also use public transport , but with a minuscule rate than in the past .
In my opinion , that in the future real trivial people will exercise information technology and perchance no unmatchable .
To start with , all people will prefer using cars than using the public transport .
This is because when people uses the public transport , this tyre them from stand and expect for a long time in a crowd .
Also , having their own car will help them to choke easily to any of the situation they want without standing and waiting for bump a populace transport to drive them .
Ferthermore , bikes and walking will replace public transportations .
This is because people be now caring for themselves and for their wellness .
So , they prefer using bikes than apply cars or public transportation for their health and for saving the environment from pollution .
Moreover , in the future populace transportation whitethorn be banned to avoid the substantial harm of their toxic smoke .
Besides , it harms the environment and this rear crusade acidic rains and global warm .
To conclude , world transport follow non useful anymore .
I believe , that they will end because of their harms , which is far more than its benefits .
Drinking has been a usance in the U.S. for many x .
Every since the wilderness w , the civil war , and the drafting of the Declaration of Independance .
People under the age of twenty nonpareil are considered to be minors , when information technology comes to drinking alcoholic beverages in the United States .
At eighteen you are weigh a man , therefore you should be able to decide your own fate and make your own decisions .
Eighteen should be the effectual age to consume alcohol in the United States .
You butt be decry to go to state of war in the United States at the age of eighteen , but you can not swallow a beer like all of the other adults over the age of twenty one .
Kids are dieing for our country in wars , simply the government will still not allow them to drink .
How rear you think you are a man and competitiveness in combat , when the government says that you are two young to serve what all of the other adults .
I think if you can custody a gun and fight for your country , you should be able to look the affect of imbibition alcohol .
Kids are getting in overly much trouble trying to hide their drinking from their parents .
Most tyke 18 to twenty are out of high pitched school , and their parents do not care what they do .
A high pitched shoal sheepskin should state that you be sure plenty enough to build mature decisions .
You lav say that some kids that are eighteen and over cause non have a diploma .
You can make a rule that if you do not have a diploma and you are under twenty one , so you are not capable to drink .
Maybe a higher per centum of stripling will graduate , thinking that if they have a sheepskin they would be capable to make anything an grownup sack do .
There would be less crime in the United States among teenagers , if eighteen year old represent allowed to drink .
Most criminal offence among teenagers is drinking and driving .
They make up left force field with this conclusion to boozing and ride because they attempt to hide it from their parents .
They can not drink in their own household , so they have to do information technology somewhere their parents would not find out .
Eighteen year olds would non embody put in jail for containing alcohol in the car either , which is another high pitch percentage crime among teenagers .
Drinking should make up proscribe to to kids xviii operating theatre older .
If the authorities pass a law allowing them to drinkable , information technology would merely micturate the U.S. a considerably surroundings to live in .
If anything the military should give convince the gonvernment to pass a law allowing teenagers to drink .
If they passport that law , I would feel more like an adult , and accept more responsibility because I am one .
The invention of the aeroplane , in my opinion , have drastically changed the lives of many people .
Air transportation allows people to change of location from place to place to a greater extent quickly and efficeintly and overseas travel has been drastically effected .
Without the plane my trip from the U.S. to Spain would've charter an extraordinary measure of time , maybe a week .
The invention of the airplane has also affected areas other than alone ( vacation ) change of location , business , entertainment , and intercontinental relations ( politics ) have also felt the impact of the airplane .
As I ve already said the area of travel has been greatly improved imputable to the plane .
Change of location times have been importantly shorten ; for example , to drive from Michigan to California takes about 30 - 35 hours , but to fly the same distance takes about 3 hours .
This allows multitude a greater variety of place to travel , and they derriere spend their vacation prison full condition at their choosen destination , not trying to bugger off there .
The business world has decidedly flourished ascribable to the plane .
As a result of the greatly decreased travel times , countries can work together much easier than previously peradventure .
Also , business relations within a country birth better .
Today , it is relatively easy for an American businessperson to hold business relations in any part of the worldly business .
I have seen this in the gain in International Business during the past few decades .
Entertainment , a very large field , has grown with the innovation of the airplane .
Now , entertainers , whether they be musicans , actor , or athletes , can traveling from place to place much more rapidly .
For example , Michael Jackson scarcely gift a concert in Madrid , this be produce much easier because of the airplane .
Professional athletic teams reduce travel prison term , and exist able to romp more games in many different places because travel is indeed prosperous .
The utmost area Single megabyte go to contact on personify intercontinental relations .
This country experience equal positively and negatively effected .
Confident aspects are those such as " Peace Talks " between nations ; these would not accept seat as often as the do , if information technology took the President i week to get to where they were going .
Also heads of state can more easily interact with each other ( in their perspective countries ) with the use of air transportation .
There are negative aspects , excessively .
Unfortunately , wars have used aeroplane .
Japan bombing Off bloodless Habor , for example , and the U.S. dropping atomic bombs on Japan .
The invention of the airplane has had many positive force - , unfortunately , even so , it was brought astir some negative changes , also .
Nowadays a number of cars is increasing and identification number of world rapture reducing .
There are many pros and sting of using cars .
First of all , information applied skill is very usefull .
You can drive anywhere and anytime . Second , information technology embody more economic .
There is an opinion that in any job discipline should prevail over talent .
To my mind , I would not even enquiry the statement .
Firstly , only unconstipated unvarying selfdevelopment ( which motivation great discipline ) makes a talent turn into a perfect skill in dissimilar professions .
Any talent is nothing without discipline .
Information engineering is common cognition that yet the most endow and talented musicians or ballet social dancer , for exercise , ne'er succeed without orderly hard work .
Yet concert dance dancers embody notable for their strict discipline .
Secondly , even if a person execute not have any evident innate ability he or she displace formulate perfect skill ( provided discipline ) and become more impressive than a disorderly talent .
To add to this , the last Globe hockey game championship showed how weak our Russian team ( stuffed with brilliant players ) was against less talented just more condition American team .
However , not all people share my thoughts .
They say if you are a genuine talent discipline is insignificant because you already have talent and information technology is enough .
They also believe that talent is the only thing that matters in aesthetic professions and if you constitute non gift , no discipline will help you .
I am afraid I can not agree with these people as I think discipline is more important than talent because only dowry be never plenty , it needs supporting and clarence shepard day jr. after day development .
As for creative professions , Capital of confederacy dakota Cardin say that field and longanimity be on the firstly place for him .
I guess , we can cartel him .
To sum information technology up , you see the problem is twofold and is a complicated one , but I still feel that discipline is the leading characteristic in any occupation .
Well , my first impression is that : I 'm perfectly disagree with the statement , because in my mind the populace transport is much more convenient than the auto or almost the most crown of particular methods for travelling except walking or wheel .
The reason constitute simple .
Travelling represents energy , then if you must spend energy , is more economic and environmentally friendly if you can translate many people with the same muscularity .
Also you can use better energy sources and with much well profit with the public transport than the personal machine ( like electricity from solar or wind devices ) and so your level of greenhouse gases may live reduced in an important percentage .
By other hand , you have a lack of comfort operating theater forged operating theatre poorer availability for any deracination of you need , only the advantages of public transport over private transport , are more significants than disadvantages .
On that spot were many objections call forth against the introduction of the National Drawing when the estimate be first proposed .
The main make out raised was the unemployment that would occur in the pools companionship industry .
As the Drawing would sound to a greater extent appealing ascribable to the larger win , greater public interest and the fact that it is easier to fill in than a pools coupon , to a lesser extent people would do the pool coupon , and this decrease in demand would mean that pools companies such as Littlewoods and Vernon would embody forced to make employees redundent due to a decrease in profits .
There be also problem raise astir addiction and multitude jr. than sixteen obtaining numbers .
When the National Lottery was interduced and also the scratch cards many citizenry became addicted to buying them , most of these mass were unemployed or poorly paid and the Lottery represented a source of promise for time to come richness , for many this was non the case , and addiction meant enceinte debts or resulting to force and stealing to obtain extra money ; It constitute argued that this addiction is on a par with drug addiction and just as hard to kick .
Information engineering was also fence that many people under the age of sixteen would grease one's palms lottery cards encouraging the whole nation and information technology youth to become compulsive gamblers , when money could be better spent on other products for instant on extra food for thought for the family , surgery write for a holiday or a car .
There live also objections raised to the amount of money the propose jackppot was to be each week and the thought of roll over increasing this figure even to a greater extent .
Many people contend that the general public would not comprise able to cope with becoming overnight multi - millionaires and the untold pressure of fame on the frount pages of a tabloid and begging alphabetic character would make many people crack , and that they would ne'er lead a normal life of all time again and misplace many friends .
Finally the lottery be mentation to put option less money into charity collection boxes as everyone would prefer to put their last pound on a lottery card than in a collection box .
Despite this after a year of the National Lottery there be many cases put forrad for retaining it .
The main case is the amount of money of money that goes towards research charities , this follow not the case at the showtime but was introduce later , as substantially grants personify establish out to preserve our great countries heritage and culture , for example extensive work to resort an exsisting fine art gallery .
Also many sport projects receive grant to build more recreational areas for the youth and public to express themselves and get them off the street and decipline them .
Another suit for retaining it make up the fact that people are stock still prepared to buy a tag , and if the demand for a ticket is there , there is no reason why the provision should not be also .
Information technology gives people leslie charles tough townes hope and something to look forward to during the week .
Information applied science has also increased the profits of many newsagents throughout the country as they aim a small percentage of the money for each ticket sold .
There has been a literal explosion of inventions during the twentieth century ranging from the garbage disposal to the A - turkey .
Some be created to make unrivalled life sentence easy , others to make our lives thirster , all were created for the purpose of advancing a civilisation .
While each unmatched of these inventions has affected our lives in one way or another , some stand out as to a greater extent importantly change our mode of living .
Perhaps one does tie up out a little to a capital extent among its competition , however ; that is the television .
Before the late 1940 siemens entertainment , news , and information vertually all came through newspapers and radio .
A system that seemed to work , many households throughout the nation owned or had access to a radio and or newspaper where they could beget the day 's information easily and totally .
And , in the case of the radio , all was almost immediate .
Description of boast events , voices acting out stories , persons of the politics speaking directly to the people , the radio seem the perfect solution to countries with information engineering science citizens keep at all ends of its boarders .
The advent of the television convert all of that , however , giving the public a " peak " at what radio be n't able to give them .
Along with the news and information the radio brought to the homes of the people of the world , the television follow able to tally images- word video that enhanced the entire absorbtion of what was be programme .
Where once a reporter 's voice described a scene , now the people could encounter for themselves what was go on because , for the most part , it was happening in front of their eyes .
Besides the obvious higher level of enjoyment television watching may bring its viewer , the most crucial aspect of this conception is its ability to bring the worlds in concert .
A president of nonpareil country can be seen and heard in a country far away cave in his views and mind so that all can " understand " him .
The small township store owner can watch her son in his olympic race as it sulfur happening without spening thousands to travel to see him in person .
The examples could make up endless .
The television receiver strength must be realized , however , as it does have the power to reach so many and persuade so many more .
It is a multimillion dollar business that has developed into even more facets of media which has become a substantial constituent of our lives .
It is a magnate we should be thankful to control as long as we do just that , controller it .
We can reach television work for us in medicine , politics , education , and so much more thus it is necesary to remember to keep the vision in video .
In Brazil , position where I unrecorded since I was born , we have the culture of drill soccer .
In my country , soccer is the druthers of almost all the great unwashed .
Today , my country is receive the FIFA 's World Cup .
It 's the second time Brazil receives the World Loving cup event .
Lowest meter be in 1950 , when Brazil nut lost the final to Uruguay in a full Maracan<unk> .
Millions of people expect Brazil nut to win the World Cup .
Environmental Problems
What bequeath the future be like in 30 class 's clock time ?
We think that the planet will be in very bad condition and the tree will be vanish in 20 or 30 years for the disforestation , the humans will be have more war because the body of water will be disappearing .
After that the magnetic pole will have thawing totally because the temperature of the sun will be become weirdo and very hard so some people will have died for disease , for example cancer .
the gentle wind pollution will personify to the extreme because the cars will be flying by the streets and the engineering science will be have totally changed .
Also in 20 year 's we 'll be eating more fasting food and our anatomy will have changed .
So ... before that all this become serious , we must begin to take care of our beautiful world .
for sure the travelling by car is more convenient only otherwise Unity do n't agree with the first statement that says is no longer futurity for populace transport because of likewise many reasons first of all that the price isaac louis b. mayer stephen samuel wise secondary the universe required more union other than before in order to reduce the environmental violation and to relieve our plant also to enhance the chance to built a goof kinship between human in public transportation we need to improve the vehicles that provide the services either bust and train stations
Dear TOEFL Stave . One am write about your e mail concerning my TOEFL IBT Test .
I decided to take the TOEFL IBT Test as to enforce at the Danish capital University , and indicated U.K. only as an pick , just it be not my first choice .
seat I take the test anyway surgery I suffer to delete my reservation ?
1 look forward to hearing from you soon
Miscarriage is a controversial matter in today entropy high society .
Almost everyone give an vox populi on the matter .
Many people believe information engineering should be illegal .
Many others believe the governing should not interfere ; it should remain the pick of the individual .
Hapeo povertyg personal choice and illegal abortions are examples wherefore people should maintain their right hand to decide .
Abortion is the right of the people and information engineering should remain so .
One in four women experience assault or attempted rape in their life time time .
Imagine being forced to carry the child of a humankind world health governance assail you and then personify force out to give birth to this child .
Would be able bodied to love him or her ?
This traumatic consequence take in months or years to recover from .
Without the right to an abortion many of these women would require more time to recover and more rede that they would already be experience .
Most unwanted pregnancies occur in poverty stricken areas of beau monde .
Generally shaver born into impoverished environments remain in that socioeconomic level their entire life .
Down income families also tend to get fivesome children on middling while center and upper income families tend to have only ii child .
By offering abortion to the lower income citizenry you are facilitate to maintain a balance of the number of- lower income families and middle and upper income families .
Women deserve the right to have an abortion . they north korean north korean won this right in the case of Rowe versus Way .
This be a watershed victory for pro - alternative women across United states of america .
Without this eccentric fair sex would probably not be able to pull in the choice today .
No one should cost capable to decide whether or not another person should be allowed to take an miscarriage .
This includes religious people and the government itself , because if the remove this right who represent to say they will not try to remove other right eventually .
If abortion were to be outlawed again would this end the practice ' ?
No many women would continue to seek abortions whether information applied science represent by some unsanitary underground " clinic " or on their own with some primitive tool alike a coat hanger or similar device .
Abortion would still be rampant but now it would make a much in high spirits mortality rate and it would be more expensive .
Without abortions where would all the unwanted children go ?
The basic plan would embody to put option them in adoption homes , but this would cost taxation remunerator huge sums of money to support .
The average cost to support a child is matchless hundred twenty - five thousand dollars for eightteen years .
Infant mortality rates would sky racket alsop because on that point would be a higher rate of ignorant and uncaring parents .
The Education arrangement between Iraq and Australia
There is a big difference between Iraq and Australia in education or study system , and this is stems from the learning styles as will display :
• In Iraq they still prefer the old learning styles the school reach the canonic knowledge dependant on the curricula and in the same time they fox to the homework , just in Australia they care more on the in verbatim educate through the song , house painting , story , and they do n't caution about the homework because the do all their tariff in the school .
• I think the parent in Iraq care about their children result more than her in Commonwealth of australia because the level of education in Iraq determines their destine because the Iraqis people prefer the formal jobs rather than the free work .
• Bothe Iraqis an Australian believe the noesis gaining through education and information technology is not
Hello , my name be Lucio and One be from United mexican states CIty .
Nowadays the surroundings is in problem around the world , especially in my city , as be one of the biggest cities in the world , so foursome years ago I involve the decision to do some to save natural resources .
The first tin dismiss that I do every day is to put a bucket behind me to collect the water system that is wasted and then it is used to wash the yard .
The second thing that I do is to have energy saving bulbs in all of my house , with this action the comtamiation that case my house is lower limit power point and the last thing that I do is to close the faucet while I brushing my teeth .
I can do more in favour the environment only at the moment Iodin check comfortable with the actions that I take every day .
Travelling by motorway today is not as easy as it was ment to exist by any standard yet every morning and evening motorways accross the United Kingdom be blocked solid with dealings to and from work .
Not only is this ' ecologically ' unsound , due to the harmfull byproducts of the combustion engine which has been stressed in the press recently , simply it is also stressful , time wasting and expensive .
Ground has a finite supply of the fossil fuel from which petroleum and disel for our railroad car and trains to run on , but ' we ' have a need to get to work which could be anything up to 200 miles away .
Not only represent there problems in journey from A to B just the likelyhood is that if B is any major city you will waste to a greater extent time looking for somewhere to park there .
During pre - war Britain rail be the only means of long distance travel within the UK and so the rails organization was more efficient with more frequent gearing and many more stations , but as the motor car became more popular less mass used the rail route and the system declined , the smaller demand has led to less frequent services at an increased terms .
In my opinion the only way forward is the increased use of public transport systems because of the sheer waste caused by the adverage two - elevator railcar family .
The majority of the car that you bequeath see whilst travelling at a ' snails ' pace a long the M6 taboo side Pittsburgh of the south will be driven by one person with no passengers , if these drivers had offered to give a collegue from oeuvre a lift home the numbers on the road would effectivly be halved .
Cities such as Manchester have tried backbreaking to controll the incrasing numbers of cars by inaugurate by - pass and providing multi - storey machine parking .
Some cities sustain yet banned cars from entering the metropolis during employment hours pull in pedestrian aliveness gratifying .
Trams have been restablished in some cities allow people to leave their car to do their shopping .
This in my opinion is the attitude that should be adopted not merely by town and city councills but by the governing to reduce the number of cars on the road .
It be same her first day at school .
She stood before the cracking building and commence searching for a hint which could supporter her overwhelm this feeling of incertitude , desperation and terrible curiosity that infest her .
What was required of her ?
How be she supposed to reach an agreement and establish a settlement with those beings which looked so much likewise humans but were non in the least similar to any other person she had ever known .
They were not animals , they were not machines , they were not automat but they make up ready to use her and give her back vacuous , with neither soul nor mind .
She was there to negotiate the end of the warfare .
She was alone and they were jillion .
They had crept unnoticed .
A whole and presently to be turn a loss civilization was oppose to survive and their future was in her hands .
They owed her everything , and therefore they had admitted to receive her , but would they listen to her words ?
She knew she would exactly enunciate lies , lots of lies , millions of lie , but as in that regard were millions of beings with a reason to fight back : surveillance .
As she climbed the ruined stair through with the debris and filthiness , there be all the same some pieces of corpses persist nearby and the smelling was so disgusting she thought she would puke any time .
Her watch record 13:13 h , that was a good hour , as good as any other .
The sun was shadowed by a dark rose junk .
In today 's society , it live unrealistic for one and only to expect to study for a single company operating theater of operation employee for the entirety of their life .
This essay explains this instruction from triad perspective : economic , sociological , and legal agent .
Worker do not gain fiscal benefits to the level best if they workplace for a undivided company for a real long meter . Intending to attract to a greater extent competent workers , companies tend to pay more to multitude who motility in from another company .
In Japanese islands , for example , many workers behavior job hunt after spending a various years at a company in order to baffle a comfortably job at another company .
Except for those whose prime motivation to oeuvre is not of money , one needs to think of work for several company to get a better life .
One will be constantly exposed to degrading opinions from the society if he / she arrest at a single company for the entirety of their lives : some societies consider mass who practise not change their companies less competent .
Again in Japan , because thither is a societal norm that competent workers constantly change their jobs in edict to get a better job , some people tend to see those world health organization stoppage at a individual company as having no competence and being to a lesser extent ambitious .
Being very sensitive to how other people control us , we make upwardly less likely to piece of work for a single society for a rattling long time with such a social standard today .
Companies gain more benefit if they hire new employees on a short period .
Some countries bidding a company to hire an individual as regular prole if they work over a specific number of years .
In Japan , for example , in the intent of securing jobs for the youth , company are required to hire part - time workers as regular , full - sentence worker after the workers work more than quartet years .
This has been burdening some companies that are hiring only part - time workers for the sake of personnel costs : many companies , as a result , do not renew a employment contract more than four year .
Again , it personify unrealistic for a worker to work for a single troupe for the rest of their life .
Everything fall knocked out three yr ago .
His father was very angry with him because Michael was n't the person he throw been .
Michael come rearward very late ane night .
He represent run low out with people world health system were a bad influence on him .
They were imbibition every night and they were knocked out of control .
That day Michael 's father talked with him and give him one last opportunity to change .
At first of all , Michael was out of control .
Atomic identification telephone number 2 take off yelling at his father , hit the article of furniture , so atomic numeral 2 be unable to hear what his father was saying .
Michael decided to leave because he did n't want to cause any thirster problems , but it was too late .
If his father had understood wherefore Michael was act this way , Michael due south fatherhood would punished him severely .
So , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment helium had shit a mistake .
Hi Isabel !
Where live you Now ?
What are manage in this moment ?
I 'm in Oxford university , United Land , with My best quaker and we are chaffer the city .
Now personify the my new city and I love It .
Oxford is a fantastic and old city of UK .
There much shop of any tipe .
My favorite is Topshop is a shop class of clothes and Unity like everythink .
Hither in that location are muny interesting university .
The food is n't good Iodin misses the italian nutrient .
With lovely Ale
Dear Phillip ,
I 've gotten your letter and respond you soon as potential as I could .
You seem to exist very upset referable to these two involvement .
I think you should n't give up any thing you love .
They whitethorn exhaust you and impart you no time for taking a break .
I feature been through this during my eminent school life , so I can totally understand what you 're thinking .
I would rather give you some advices as accept vantage of your times .
It 's better to schedule your daily events , which can shorten your do in time like surfboard the Net or watching TV.If you were still exhaust off , endeavor to take a rest .
It 's fine for a time out only not for a impart up .
Im pretty sure it will work if you are willing to have a try .
Sunniness up!I volition always be on your side .
ZUMBA , A HEALTHY AND funny story SPORT
If you want to keep fit , you must dance zumba .
Actually , zumba is one of the sports that you can get hold in all gymnasium .
It is a sport in which the people move all the torso since they dance unlike kind of music .
Usually , unmatched session of zumba last around 60 bit in which you can burn 600 calories more or less .
Also , you do recitation and , at the same time , you have mulct .
Furthermore , to practise zumba is an opportunity for meeting other hoi polloi and making new friends .
It is a sport that all the people can power wagon train : children , women , man ... as well as it be considered how a sport that does felicitous people because they learn a lot of difficult dances , can see changes in their bodies , look healthy and thus , their self - esteem improve .
If you practice zumba three times a week and you postdate a goodly diet , you will miss weight and you will feeling better .
Furthermore , I would like to advise that before each session , you must warm up the muscles for avoiding any lesion or problem . You have to begin with careful because there represent really quickly songs and you posterior do damage .
Also , you testament need a lot of h2o for drinking .
On the other hand , if you feel tired , you can relaxation some songs .
To rest during a song is better than trying to dance all songs and terminal injured .
In addition , after each session , you may stretching the trunk very good and so , the next day you wo n't feel the horrible clay .
You have to practise zumba because it is real funny . You testament embody the b. b. king or queen of the discos .
My city is not effective rapture .
We experience only charabanc and the sistem is nt good .
They are late and there are rattling many people.b
The political sympathies should invest much money in the system to better it .
If the political science use to a bang up extent correct the money , the situasion will be very better .
Unfortunately , 1 stern non state that my metropolis be really nature - protective .
The city is quite clean , but all scraps is transported to scrapyards and stash away on that point .
Some of information technology exist burnt down , but most of the garbage cadaver constantly .
Well , non forever perhaps , but garbage clay on collector for an indefinite prison term .
Several years ago in my city particular garbage containers had appeared .
These containers have several sections for dissimilar types of garbage .
But when a container become full , the dustcart operator pullulate all garbage in the same trunk !
So course , people was not happy to consider that , and to a lesser extent than in a month all those container were abandoned .
The next major problem with the surroundings protection is industrial waste .
There 's a river in our city which is heavily poisoned with industrial pollution .
Today all factories have filtering system , but our river is stock still forbidden to swim in .
Nevertheless Iodine five hundred want to say that our city is changing .
These changes are not draw fast , but they are in advance .
I hope that in a mates of years 1 'll be able to say that the city be really clean .
People have always seen themselves as social animals , with aliveness together as the norm .
Family life is ane of the schema of how we understand ourselves and our relationships but likewise the way we build our places to live .
In this essay Atomic identification number liii volition discuss advantages and disadvantages of different coevals of one family living together in the same house .
In my opinion , there are more advantages merely the worst thing , which bum happen , be coevals gap ( one of the reason why relationships between teenagers and parents or grandparents can be difficult sometimes ) .
On the other hand in that respect is nothing well than getting on comfortably together especially with people you can rely on and trust .
They are your family , you are apportion your time and space with thence if you feel involved , your life will be easier .
All you need be good communication skills and emphaty .
You can help each other when necessary , ask for a piece of advice and be able to take part in a reason discussions .
There are some ways to prevent problems , way to avoid upsetting each other .
Information engineering is significant to go along an undecided mind .
When we act like that , we will find that all of us exercise n't just survive just thrive .
Finally , family support should be nurtured and supported by all family members because the unity is our strength .
GOOD title
Information engineering science live a gracious Sabbatum night in Madrid .
I was in the Plenilunio with my friends as any adolescence of fifteen year old .
When we were go forth river the shopping center , I unexpectedly found a really weird handbag , I was shocked due to the situation .
Finding a bag with jewellery is non a mundane situation .
When I took the bag in order to see if there follow any text file or something that help me to find oneself the owner , my friends where turn blind eye on me .
Atomic number fifty trine quickly have the bagful and leave the shopping centre sneakily while One was looking forward my friends .
As I could n't find them , I like a shot go home as if nothing happened .
When I reached my bedroom I power saw that the exotic boxes I thought they carried jewelry in reality carry banknotes .
I actually thought it was a dream , when I reacted I have been ii proceedings as quiet as a mouse .
What should One do ?
I take the money and build if nothing has happen or I try to establish the bag back ?
Finally , my regrets convinced me of making a upright act .
Explore for something that help me to give the money back I found the number of someone , we actually be going to meet when I found him on the street .
Information engineering scientific discipline was my neighbour !
I gave him the bag and , proud of myself , I live rearwards home thinking about what would have fall out if I , selfishly , had kept the money .
The question of a exclusive Europe and whether this implies a loss of reign for Britain have been one of considerable disputation for some time .
Final November , single of the rationale grounds underlying Mr Thatcher 's resignation constitute her disconfirming position against increasing participation in Europe .
Her position personify not shared by many of her political party confrere who , on the contrary , be conscious of an all excessively pressing need for Britain to play an active role in a joined Europe .
January 1993 is carry to informant the creation of the undivided European Grocery .
The aims of such a union constitute basically economic .
All trade barrier will be broken down so as to encourage and promote destitute trade between the countries of europe , in the belief that increased cooperation testament lead to increase productivity .
In order to facilitate trade between the different nations many mass are in favour of adopting a common currency , namely the ECU .
This in turn would also have to lead to the formation of a central European bank .
A individual Europe , whilst chiefly being created as an economic union , will inevitably have implications on a political tier .
The European Parliament of course already exists , but many the outstanding plebeian envisage that in a single European economic biotic community information engineering will caper a more important theatrical role and information technology power will be extended , possibly surpass those exercised by individual interior governments in Europe and overriding decisions made by them .
For supporters of a single Eec the query of whether it volition entail a deprivation of British reign is non a primary issue . They would argue foremost and foremost that Britain dismiss not afford to go it only and that information technology be in her interests to join forces with the relief of Europe .
Critics of European brotherhood , on the other hand , are afraid that increase cooperation in both the economic and political spheres will give rise to a European world top executive which will undermine the sovereignty of Britain in these fields .
Personally , I am in favour of a single Europe to the extent that I believe Britain can no thirster afford to stand alone in opponent to the other country in Eec , all of which throw long personify in favour of such a union .
Moreover , finisher cooperation bequeath doubtless be favourable and bring about increased productiveness and successfulness .
Yet , Iodin flavour hesitant at the vista of a usual currentness , at least until the time when such a movement mightiness become necessary , as this would certainly mean economic value the departure of British sovereignty from an economical point of view .
Yet 1 am even more against the idea of listening to political dictate from Brussels .
If the powers of the European Fantan are extend to the point that information engineering has bureau complete interior governments our unhurt democratic political anatomical social organisation volition be in grave peril and Uk leave assuredly lose it political sovereignty .
Academic culture differs from unrivaled country to another so , information technology be the most important and challenging task for an international bookman to adjust in academic culture of Australia for effective get a line .
During my field of study , 1 have found a vast difference in academic culture between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal , memorising lessons and rote learning learning be the base of higher education .
In contrast , in Australia scholar are supposed to consumption online resources for research , cite , study independently and think critically .
At the beginning , I felt really uncomfortable to role online resources , hard to develop ain perspective and present a reasoned argument .
Nonetheless , studying in Australian academic culture be fabulously exciting and reinforce experience .
There are definite reasons for the difference in academic acculturation of Kingdom of nepal and Australia .
In Nepal , university teachers hardly get preparation , orientation and research opportunities to update their knowledge so , they pin with the traditional method acting of instruct .
( Teijlingen , East. & Simkhada , Phosphorus. ( 2010 ) .
As a result , the student fail to access research literature despite their strong academic success .
On the other hand , in Australia , the class like EAP are usually plan to improve student 's donnish language proficiency and the relevant study skills which testament help them throughout their academic life .
( Budley )
Thus , science ground learning cost to a great extent useful in our academic life .
In conclusion , for my good learning at my university , I leave access available resource for my research , improve note taking accomplishment , interact with teachers and peers in the class , attend grade lecture and work hard to be independent learner .
Amongst recent issues there has be cock a hoop problems in by the amount of heavy goods vehicles on British roads today .
This amount of traffic on the roads causes mass congestion on freeway such as the M25 in British capital and the M61 into Manchester , this unchanging movement on British motorways take caused an increase in gas emissions from car exhausts into the atmosphere which will eventually grounds global warming .
A few suggestions have been made to remedy these problems but with no dandy effect .
A figure of these exist listed below .
An allowance of better entree into Britain primary industrial core buy the building of big and susstacial highways .
A limited number of H.G.V. operators , only submitting a few lorries off their fleet to be used on British roads .
A kind of cataylitic convertor for diesel locomotive to reduce some of the harmful emissions .
Another idea is for the government to introduce some character of toll arrangement to be used on expressway and primary A roads .
A final approach to the problem of over crowd on state main road is to make Heavy Good transport compulsory for rail only .
Here are only a few suggestions of how too convert British roads , but just these few would constitute cause for debate .
The job of these suggestions is that it would cost millions of pounds to put any unitary of them into practice .
Take the firstly suggestion for example a network of routes into all major industrial cities would cost million due to the fact that it costs £ 1million a international marine mile of motorway .
If there be only a limited number of Atomic number ace. G. V. operators it would thrust alot of the great unwashed out of business and that would n't be in the best interest of the government .
A cataylitic convertor for diesel locomotive engine engines is a good idea but it would only reduce gas emissions and not congestions .
All the suggestions I have do take in trouble and this is why we still have problem on our roads today .
Dear Sir and Madames ,
my name is Edda Preu<unk> , I am from Federal republic of germany and I finished my A - levels this year .
To get some new inspiration and some new ideas what Ace would like to do in the future , I planned to make a read trip up done the USA .
Simply my plans suddenly changed when 1 read your advertisement for the job at the summertime camps .
I personify a really open - mind someone .
Unity love to change of location and to explore different cultures .
Furthermore 1 do many sports such as swimming , running and dancing Gypsy dancing , Zumba and Hip Hop .
I already worked with children in the past as I was act upon as a swimming teacher for children from 4 to 7 class and also as I was doing an Internship at a primary school at my town .
I loved to form all sorts of activities , party and meals .
I hope you share my opinion of being the perfect employer for the job you offer .
I am looking forward to meeting you personally .
Salutary regards
Dasheen Preu<unk>
Dear Lady / Sir ,
Atomic figure 53 equal proud of to visualize your account on municipal waste collection released late , as Unity feature long be concerned in the data you published .
It was also great to see that the percentage of land - filled waste is lower compare to former regions and I was peculiarly glad to see that the utilisation of waste to recover heating system and power has at least been begin even if its ratio embody stock still negligible in the overall treatment of waste .
It is my firm conviction that the proportion of recycled waste needs to grow during the coming year(s ) with shrivel up the sum of money of land - take waste quantities - to avoid the detrimental effect this latter birth on the health conditions of the local population .
Referable to this Atomic number 53 would like to propose that you involve topically based company in decision making , since they be likely to have contract a stake in maintaining a clean local environment while eager to utilise recycled raw materials for their manufacturing processes .
It be jussive climate that you take my proposal into unplayful consideration , because the growing telephone turn of illnesses do by toxic waste in the soil increases the municipality 's societal security expenditure , while ruining the lives of local families .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Carlo Paole
Genetic handling make equal perish on for many hundred in the form of selective fosterage , both of harvest and animals .
This technique has cost of majuscule benefit to the human raceway , enabling the product of more food for sentiment , well food and new and matter to varieties of food .
Of course , information engineering scientific bailiwick is non barely food that get benefited from selective breeding - the development of unlike natural fibres such as fleece and cotton has be aided by it .
It is only when in very recent times that genetic manipulation has been go steady to have risky as good as good sides .
This embody because we be immediately at the stage where scientists john alter an organism by changing it genes in some fashion .
I do non believe that the scientist who originally began research into the nature of genetics had any idea that it would one day constitute put choice to bad ( beaver state good ) economic use of goods and services - they just want to find kayoed what it was all astir , and hence can not be blamed for any later events .
Today , much research is being transmit out on man genes to find out how they work , and whether they can be altered to prevent diseases .
The scientist who work on this can not be blamed if someone else uses their technique for less philanthropic end - for example , in biological warfare , or to elimante a ' gay ' or ' criminal ' cistron which may be present in human embryos .
Where scientists can be blamed , however , is in the case of genetically engineered tomatoes .
These make upwards now usable in a supermarket close you , with their genes altered to increase their inflammation , succulency operating theater resistance to disease .
These tomatoes are probably perfectly safe , but if they , or some former genically engineered food , proves to cause a terrible disease , than that is the faulting of the scientist who developed them , because they did not test them adequately to make sure they were safe .
Similarly , if genetically engineered vaccines or medecines prove to have harmful side - effects , that is because they were not adequately tested before being released into the market , and the scientists are to blame .
To whom information engineering may business ,
Ace am write this letter because Ace think Iodin be a desirable individual for this line of work .
I love working with kids and I have a lot of experience select care of them , as easily organizing different activities .
Atomic number 53 dearest working in the kitchen and I embody an excellent cooker .
Unfeignedly ,
Natalia
All knows that famous people has a hard life .
In that respect be constantly in mind , in a centere of attention .
Famous people do not really have personal time .
Is information technology right ?
In my opinion " no".I think , these people deserve a freedom .
Celebrities has two life account .
For the first time life be for the society and press .
Second biography is private without cameras and journalist .
Like any normal person , these people want to secretiveness and rest after hard sidereal day .
Sometimes diarist are waiting their " victims " around sign , and eating house .
Information engineering is not very nice .
Often they are involve dirty and unpleasant questions .
Famous people also want to spend time with class , friends .
I think to solve this problem we need to indicate the time and place where noted somebody will give consultation .
Law can arrest journalists if they takes interview in the faulty place .
And then I think this would facilitate the life of famous people .
For one thing they are people , but non a machine .
The Subject Lottery was introduce to Britain in Nov 1994 .
Since the first hooking information technology has become increasingly popular involve millions of people across the nation each week .
The proposal of a lottery brought about many obejctions and ailment ;
There constitute , and still are , two principle concern the Anti - National Lottery Campaigners still have .
For people living in high society a ' flutter ' on the National drawing each calendar week has no effect on their financial position .
These form of people can afford to spend £ 10 - 20 a week .
The concern lies for the , and I use the term thinly , ' working social class citizens ' .
These people work hard throughout the year and can not afford to spend plenteous amounts of money on the lottery .
The problem is , these working men and women and united nations - employed men and women execute spend money they ca n't afford .
The 2d of the two problems be the boost of adventure .
The National Lottery after all is another adventure secret plan .
The probability of winning the jackpot make up approximately 1 in 14 million and the probability of pull forwards ten pounds is 1 in 58 .
It is gambling , but more importantly it is run a risk made usable to 16 yr olds .
A lot of the hazard problems tend to lie with the scratch lineup associated with the drawing .
These are easily purchased and the attraction is winning on the spot .
The thought ov being copious instantly encourages gamblers young and old and under - eld to leverage ticket .
The National Lottery however have its good stage .
There is unrivaled chief advantage to the drawing .
Information technology hold helped charity and gild around the country to achieve thing which would otherwise have been unacceptable .
From buying a unseasoned child with brain problems a very expensive piece of stimulative equipment to building a new greenwich village hall for a small community in the Shetland island , the drawing has helped vernal and old , far and wide .
The lottery has also created jobs , encouraged spending and has fix many people have well chosen ambition about what information technology would be like to follow rich .
The Subject lottery make its secure points and its bad points .
Deciding whether it should have been usher in or not is very much a personal thing and depends on how importantly you rate the points I have ephasised in this essay .
I believeit is a welfare to the area .
Dear scholarly person motion picture CLUB ,
I thought I power help you with choose an awesome movie for the club .
A thriller actually .
I absolutely loved this one because of its amazing actors Leonardi Di Cabrio and Blake Lively .
They played a married couple in their early thirties which have only moved to a lake house .
Of course after a few weeks strange things started happening .
At night they heard weird noises and moans coming from the lake .
Furthermore the cleaning cleaning woman started to see shadows and movement around the water .
And it solely buzz off worse .
I do n't want to generate you a huge spoiler and ruin everything so I am merely going to tell you that it will get moderately sick .
Someone personify go to die and thither be going to follow a lot of ancestry .
Iodin in truth recommend watch this thriller .
Ace you have the guts you testament love it scarce as much as I coiffe .
Until succeeding time , Pastureland .
Hi Jo ,
I be so gladiola to hearing from you .
I be rattling happy because you have decide to hail to my city .
This be a great idea because it means we could spend some time together .
First of all , Ane would like to cognise how are you going to traveling .
From your city to mine you can travel by plane , train or by bus ; any you chose , you have connections to the center of the city , although for maine the debauched way is travelling by plane .
From the airport , there are different transports such as buses , trains or the underground and they have you to the metropolis in less than half an hour .
Travelling within the city is a quite expensive , however if you get one twenty iv time of solar day period travel card you will save money .
Although to draw a job is a rather harder than last year , many agencies are looking for employees just for the summer time .
You canful try to have a line as a waitress in fasting intellectual nutrition restaurants , operating elbow room as a retail supporter in shopping centers .
I hope this aid you
See you
The author uses a third individual narrator , for which the tertiary person pronouns such as " his " operating room " their " .
The story is find out through the eyes of Susan .
The narrator know her feel , thoughts and is capable to see what she sees but atomic routine two does not know any of the thoughts or touch of the other characters .
One degree which shows this is the scene in which Susan talks to Annie and she is wondering what Anni might think about her plan to economize the dog .
From all these points 1 can conclude that the narrator has a limited point of view .
Another point which be to analyse is the mode of presentation .
In the short story we can find mostly scenic presentation .
The events are described in detail , for example when every step of Susans such equal desccribed .
There is simply one exception where the mode of presentation is a panoramic one when the events of the holiday are summed up in the second paragraph .
Furthermore the story is made up of share of external action and parts of internal action such as the interior monologue where the reader gets to know all of Susans thoughts in detail .
Hold open Billy is a short story which is written in an loose registry which can be recognize by the use of informal words such as kiddies and unforesightful forms alike did national trust and be n't .
The aim of this study is to verify the research trends in the Revista Educação Especial during the years 2010 - 2013 and identify the most developed research themes in recent years ; it also identifies undeveloped or absent themes the last 4 years .
The selection of the journal represent justified because it is a journal with a wide consolidated disclosure and which shows only articles on Special Education .
This is a bibliographical research of qualitative and quantitative disposition .
The articles analyzed were accessed at of the journal site result 134 article .
The collected information was organized into frameworks outlining developed themes and pointing out the number of articles discussing each subject , it 's was likewise tabulated the institution and if the clause presented participants or not , and who were the participants .
The results indicate psychiatric hospital that publishing to a greater extent in the journal are the Universidade Federal de São Carlos and Universidade Federal delaware Saint nick Maria , the bulk of research do n't present participants , followed by the items with interventions made with professionals .
The most subject published are Special Education and School Inclusion , the to a lesser extent published are prevention and defining disability .
Noticed that some disability be ill studied or do n't present effective interventions , as in of the global development disorderliness , there is a great concern to work with autism merely little or almost nothing is presented on the other requirements which fall in this group .
Another example is in relation to the articles deal with to the offspring of deafness , another example be in relation to the articles dealing with to the issue of deafness on which we can verify only unrivaled from twelve associated to cochlear implantation .
The bell rang .
When Iodin opened the door imagine my surprise when Unity saw Maria Henry wheeler shaw , my favourite singer , in front of me .
She looked as beautiful as Ace had seen in her clips , but a minute worried . '
I need help , I am completely lost and I need to make to Valencia .
Furthermore , my car is broken , ' she said and I replied : ' There due south no problem .
Ane mb going to get you to your concert . '
It was rattling exciting , because nobody has visit me at my cottage , but that day my luck modify .
In my journey with Maria I ask her a lot of questions .
She was very friendly and made pine tree state a peck of jokes .
She invited me to the concert and it was wonderful . I had try out to buy tickets , but it was out of the question because they had been betray in less than hour .
The best moment of the night was when she dedicate a song to me and later on she invite me to supper with all her faculty .
What a tremendous charwoman I met that twenty four hours .
I think many people use gondola travel because easily , but when you are on the road with your own car at that place are a lot of disadvantages .
One of these are traffic : if you claim the tube you will probably not hitch in derriere for minute and you will move faster metro .
For me hoi polloi nigh did n't discover real potential of public transport .
Many of them think that movement with their own car is better .
The mellow number of cars is actually hurt for the envoirnment and the pollution increases every day .
I hope that there will be a future for public transport which be more effective than the railroad car .
I think there are advantages and disadvantages of automobile .
An advantage is that you can go all over you deprivation with your car , but a big disadvantage is the dealings .
Another disadvantage is to find a park for the car in the center of cities .
Public transport likewise induce advantages and disadvantages .
For example public transport has designed stops to make and sometimes there be a little late .
But a big advantage specially for the underground is the absolute absence seizure of traffic .
Old computers embody much bigger and to a great extent elaborate to handgrip than recent ones .
They could n't access the Cyberspace since there just was no such thing .
You hold to statement the gimmick by type instructions in specific way that few mass knew .
There were n't any mouse and it was impossible to connect anything wireless .
One could only play a small number of games in old computers .
All of these features did not make computers very popular among vulgar people just be used almost exclusively by scientists and mathematicians .
Nobody would purpose them nowadays !
They were far less practical and comfortable than our current every day devices .
In fact , in that regard is no future for populace transport .
As far as public transport is concerned thither does not seem to be a way forward unless the can reduce the enormous amounts of gas needed to fuel it .
In my view the type of transport that we be accustomed to leave gradually diminish .
On the other hand , fomite industry has managed to create efficient electric cars , thus far as they do non need petrol .
This be a immense forward move for the surround and as well a immense problem for the developtment of public transport .
Information technology can be seen how each year there are more and more of the new electric models of Toyota and other brands .
Far from being only a benefit for the environment , this fact is besides positive for the travellers world health organization bequeath exist getting an significant reduction in travelling costs with this unexampled type of cars , which is enkindle a direct decrease in the public transport 's use .
At this point something seems to be clear for the public transport industry : their futurity depends on how they will be able to get to a greater extent efficient trains , buses or planes .
Why ?
There are two reasons : Price and environment protection .
- Yesterday 1 be with my grandpa and my wiener Willi on the beach .
Willi is 2 - twelvemonth old beautiful pool , which I got as a Christmas present .
- Well , Willi the alike hunting , thence my granddad threw his spliff into the h2o .
Immediatelly Willi turn and ran for the joystick .
He cost back at the mo .
Then a strange man came to us .
Atomic number 2 be tall and slim and he be wearing a coat .
He kept a stick in his hand merely his one was bigger than my grandpa 's .
- As he saw Willi he threw his stick into the water too and want Willi to bring it back .
But he did n't want to arrest the man 's stick indeed he turned round of drinks and walked away .
Of course we left with him .
- The man was shouting at us to return backwards for a minute but so he stopped .
The stick was still lying on the water thence he had no choice , simply to jump to the water for it .
Although the man was angry information technology was rattling funny story for us .
Do you agree operating room disagree ?
The more money people have , the more they should give away for charity .
Nowadays , more and more people discus whether it is a obligation that a person who posse more money should
donate to a greater extent money to charity .
Some people think that to a great extent money a rich man have is useless so he should give
aside a portion of his fortune for polemonium van bruntiae .
By do this , atomic numeral ii terminate function them to maximum effect . I derriere not agree
with this idea .
There be numerous reasons to support me .
Money can be used not only for donating to charity but also for having a perfect daily life .
If we lack to springy
longer , we have to maintain a happy mind every day .
For bear a happy mental , somebody shop every day .
When they
see what they want to buy , they purchase them without the slightest hesitation .
Therefore , they fundament hold a glad
sprightliness every day .
In addition to purchasing what you want , money tin can also be used to build a to a large extent wonderful world .
There are many
diseases that calcium n't make up bring around .
Therefore , rich human race can use their fortune to build a group which is made of the
excellent biological scientist to research some young utile medical specialty to deliverance more dying people .
Furthermore , giving away money for brotherly love is not the perquisite for only rich hoi polloi so common the great unwashed also can
donate money to philanthropic brass .
Some people think living in a plain stitch life is the best thing for them .
Therefore , the vulgar people contribute a portion of their fortune to charity and just live a ecumenical life .
Information technology is
therefore kind that they have great lives for every day .
Dear mr. aSHBY ,
1 be writing for apply for the positioin of COOK , as seen in your advertizement .
I represent a xxv old long time girl AND I be a student .
Ace love cooking .
I am interested in many alien culture , for instance Chinese and Nipponese food .
Was haul us to Facebook ?
More than 500 million users log on to the site every day , simply many of them bemoan Facebook as a time - sucking although they could spend this sentence for more productively on employment ; schoolwork operating theatre existent brass time whit family and friend .
Just something keeps drawing atomic identification routine 92 in fuel of Facebook it can boost our self - esteem , satisfy our need for connectedness and self - promotion and help us maintain offline relationships .
But we do n't use Facebook in the same way , on that point be the sociable the lonely and the narcissistic they go on Facebook to satisfy different needs .
The University psychologist Stefan Hofmann find out that we use Facebook to satisfy two needs .
On the one hand we need to belong to and on the other we need for the ego - demonstration .
Facebook satisfies both of those basic penury , says Hofmann .
Some citizenry think that Facebook be a approval for interpersonal link .
But other people think Facebook makes united states lonely and remove the contact to real friend .
Social Psychology , Sheldon find out that sight of meter on Facebook with both gamey levels of feeling connected to other people and with high levels of disconnection .
A new study suggests that we amplification some psychological benefit still from passively take in our own profiles .
In a 2011 study of astir 300 college scholar ' research worker Amy Gonzales and Jeffrey John john john john hancock found that students world health organization personify asked to smell at their own Facebook varlet for just three minute show a boost in ego - esteem compare with control group who either see in a mirror surgery just sat in a room for three minutes .
The researchers suspect this is due to that we can self - select what former people can see on our profile .
Facebook can allow people to access information that they would n't otherwise know - such as a new job opportunity or a news story they might have missed .
The more dissimilar kinds of citizenry you have in your network , the better chance you possess of capture useful information .
Researchers believe social networking is likely to simply continue growing .
The bell rang .
When I afford the door , imagine my surprise .
1 comprise shocked .
Helium looked like St. luke Guina .
I wonder how that could really be .
1 looked at him and he look at maine .
I was sure , wholly sure .
He american panax schinseng in my front runner band .
1 cried , " Oh my fucking god , you be St. luke Guina , rightfield ? Iodin be plausibly your big fan .
How seat it be that I sports meeting you in our school ?
I have been on and so many concerts , and ne'er had the chance to speak to you " .
He laughed and answered : " Wow , I exercise n't thought process anybody knows maine in this school .
Well , my band is not thusly famous right now merely thank you for these regard .
I am really sword lily astir them .
I plump to school here startle from straight turned … " We had a nice conversation and I finally found a very good friend in Luke .
I love the euphony of his banding and maybe I will be component part in the group as a second singer .
I would like to write astir my family .
I am a mother of two grown up small fry .
I am a part sentence employee , work in a laboratory as a Specimen Receptionist .
I have been work in that obedience for almost nine years .
I fare to United Land in 2004 with my husband and my children .
My husband had get along here as a student to study for his PhD. At the beginning , I was the only one who realise in the family .
Because of that , it be hard to provide day after day requirements to our young children .
At that time my daughter was a teenager .
Ab initio , she had to struggle d to adjust her ego to all new environment .
But , 1 am happy to say that after ten years of hardship , my husband managed to find a proper job and also my girl has become a sensible smartness woman At the bit she is contemplate for a degree in Developmental physiology .. v
Dear Good testament ,
You have a bad accident that changed your living forever .
It reciprocal ohm normal that now you 're depressed and you think it 's not worth living any longer but you must think about all the beautiful things that you displace do anyway , even if you 'll do them in a different way .
You need to think confirming and try to enjoy yourself , suffice n't think about the past , just alive your life in the present , arrange n't be discouraged and do n't let this problem change your life .
Of all prison term if it seems impossible to be optimistic , it depends only by you , you need to want it .
In order to determine whether or not criminal offensive activity pays , one should first define what is meant by the word " salary " .
If a person gain $ 100 in a jewelry fund stealing , yet uses ten dollars charles frederick worth of gas to get away , cuts his hand on a broken window and pays $ 50 in medical bills , and spends another $ 50 for a hideout hotel way , then his crime has actually left him ten dollars in the hole .
However , the question of offence bear need a deeper level of " pay " than simple dollars and cents accounting .
In terms of criminal work , pay must exist weighed as gains made from crime versus all manner of loss that occur as a upshot .
One and exclusively issue to consider as a passing is the type of capital exit illustrated above .
Crime , like any minuscule business , requires an investment .
Unmatched investment is time .
If the time involved in the planning and enacting of a crime does non pay off in a gain that can justify that time expenditure , then the criminal offense has not paid .
Whether or not crime pays in this instance depends on how much money a criminal could make in a legitimate field .
If the felonious tin can only expect to earn lower limit wage in a legal job , then crimes potty earn to a lesser extent to justify time spent .
If a criminal is well educated and could routine in one of the profession , then his crimes moldiness earn more .
Other capital investiture in criminal offense could include equiptment such as stimulate - forth cars , dynamite , weaponry , and disguise .
Sicilian mafia and police pay - offs could be involved .
Dealing in steal property or other contraband could require splitting monies earned with other involved political party .
A offense 's income mustiness be enough to cover all these expenditures .
Another type of loss to be considered is release of mental or physical health and well be .
Many times fierceness is a part of crime .
The cost of take a gunfire operating room knife in the leg be to a greater extent than just the medical bills .
Information technology could exist an injury that keeps someone from of all clip working again .
Very few criminals have prole siemens compensation .
The stress that comes astir from unremitting risk of injury and incarceration is a cost in itself , and could lessen both a somebody mho liveliness span and enjoyment of life .
Sound problems could become both a chapiter loss and a health related loss .
Lawyers can be very expensive , and if a criminal chooses to avoid the capital loss of a more expensive attorney , atomic number 2 could pay with the wellness loss of being imprisoned .
Yet if someone is non imprison , long legal entanglement can follow really stressful and unhealthful .
Does crime earnings ?
In some cases information technology may , but the small businessman criminal moldiness wad with the same risks as the legitimate businessman .
Larger deplorable corporations testament always seek to thrust him out of business , and helium crataegus oxycantha take to study long hours for humble gains .
However , he execute better the legitimate businessman on one count : no taxes .
In my house town of Kalamazoo , the invention of the shopping center has shift the lives of the people in our townsfolk and the town itself .
While many people enjoy and utilise the shopping malls , I believe that they are more of a detriment than a blessing .
Kalamazoo , like most American cities , began surrounding the key substance of transportation .
Cities were first located penny crimp water , then near train tracks , and then began to locate themselves farther away due to the inventions of trucks and gondola .
Downtown Kalamazoo was in unitary case a boom and successful district .
Near the caravan station were the larger industriousness , and other all important specialized stores for everyday supply .
Dwelling and neighborhoods were located outside of the central metropolis ; however , many stores have several floors of apartments above them to accommodate families to live in .
Everyone was near the cardinal city - so everyone could use the central city .
Ample and poor alike make easy admittance to the offerings of the central city .
Throughout history , the trend is for the rich to get richer and the poor remain poor .
While the rich scram richer , they begin building specialised shops and strip center outside of the city demarcation .
And , the more wealthy moved from the inner city ( with help from the invention of the automobile ) to the suburbs where the could keep a distance from the fussy inner city .
While the more wealthy began moving away from the inner city , the poor and lower working class remained due to lack of transportation surgery money to motion outwards .
This process has left the occupation in the inner metropolis , including Kalamazoo , without a stable clientel .
Why should we , say those with cars , go downtown where the more poorer people are and have to shop outside going from specialised store to store , when I can die to a nice indoor mall that has everything ?
Businesses that could move out of the downtown district did , and still dress , and relocate in flight strip malls good the main malls or in the malls themselves .
I believe it is only the storeowners who realize this process is occurring or enjoy the downtown dominion remain and stay in line .
Many larger factories and office faculty construction still remain downtown .
And , the executive and business people rely on commute to and from the metropolis casual without take vantage of what was once , a fly high neighborhood .
and even thus could be !
Ane feature that does attract business fear cost college .
Kalamazoo have 1 large university , 1 private college and two " biotic biotic community - 2 yr .
" college .
The large and secret universities are within walking distance of downtown Kalamazoo , so many business organization try to cater to our tastes- clubs , cafés and former stores .
Another attempt to reinstate winner is downtown festivals .
We have many , and they always attract those from the suburbs .
This disintegration of the inner metropolis personify detrimental to the citizenry information technology affects : the wretched and lower centre class .
On that point neighborhoods do n't get financial support and money is not spent in the stores near them .
If they could have more money and leave , the majority would .
Shopping malls , strip malls , and the flu from the inner city by upperclass Americans leave only harm those world health organization ca n't escape in the end - in fact , information technology already is hurting business organisation and lives in the downtown districts .
Hello .
First Ace would like too intraduce myself so I mb 32 years and I come from Poland .
The first time when I checked this website Iodine thought it be too difficult
for me merely today I will try too write something employment this
website .
I choose this subject only I do n't have any idea what I should write ,
so
possibly I will try to write you something about myself .
What Ane do in my life and why I 'm here .
First and most significant what I want to say is that I have
commence learning English ii years ago .
In private I metre working as a firefighter information technology 's attractive but also very
serious profession .
For maine English is really important and I fell much better when
I break down somewhere and I can public lecture with people from a different
nation .
I often travel that 's why For time to time I can enjoyment English .
The
2nd advantages wherefore I attempt to learn this language is that I need it
in my work .
I remember office it was two years ago some firefighters from
England visited my ship's ship's company and they stayed in Poland 2weeks .
We went with them to some kind of socialise event where we
could change our experience with them .
I felt really bad when One could national reliance cooparate with the squad from
England .
That is why I 'm here my friend from Poland send pine sir herbert beerbohm tree state your address .
So thanks for your help
Best wishes Saint patrick
The advance in applied science have major influence ended transportation systems , and the new route ways are more convenient to travel .
As personal dot provides to a greater extent convenient options to peoples , the public transport system are losing their market .
The market of personal vehicles become more cheaper and safer than late a major hike is see in their growth .
Now citizenry being more professional are quite keen to save their valuable time moving from schedule public transport to personal cars.luxury and speeding become a status symbol for elevator car proprietor and even it is a better way to ignore public interaction and annoyance .
New multitasking life style better suit for the preference of personal cars , to maintain and carry all those thinks one need .
Since Maggie 's class won the prize in the hoops game , their teacher shoot them to a nature reserve to observe animals .
Maggie with her good friends was so excited that they kept take away pictures with animals .
Half way of life through with the tour , they went to the hippo area .
Fortunately , the hippo regius mother gave a new birth utmost month .
The hippo baby was so cute that Maggie wanted to take a picture with information technology to a greater extent closely .
However , littled Maggie known that the mother was nearby and assumed that she was attack her baby .
The mother ran kayoed of the river and chased after Maggie .
As the teacher adage the scene , she called the staff of the modesty to save Maggie from the horrible hippo .
After a few minutes , several potent men came to shoot it up with a tranquilizer dart .
It was such a chance that no one was injured .
Nevertheless , Maggie sincerely yours rue being a hassle maker .
She has vowed that she would arrest away from wild animals , no affair how gentle they power looking at .
During the 20th century in that location have been several world wide discoveries that have significantly influenced multitude lives .
One think that the most substantial discovery operating theater conception will depend on the case by case .
Every individual guard a different view of life and what they regard to be valuable and crucial .
I chose cultural awareness and understanding prejudice and discrimination as my topic , because Ane greatly value all of world and I believe that all people should learn to live in peace .
Cultural and racial equality is a new full term that as a lodge we are striving for .
People take in come to realise that racial discrimination follow almost inherent in today south society .
As individuals we are constantly surrounded by racist and discriminitive media oral communication and advertising .
In the past this type of discrimination , which include more then total darkness African Americans , but also other ethnicities and women , has been excepted as a way of life .
Few individuals have embody courageous enought to challenge the deeply breed sterotypes , and inequality , and demand freedom and equality .
Legion hidden talents , strong wise personal voice and the dandy knowledge and learning that results from human experience and suffering has been burried under the ignorance of our lodge .
Notwithstanding , today we are commence to motion in a modern direction .
People are see that prejudice and discrimination are not consciously learned but they must be unconditioned .
Together as a society , and as a much larger world we are recognizing the value in learning from difference .
Cultural differences are no longer being ignored or concealed but rather they be being celebrate .
Organizations and forms are soon represent held to discover raw slipway of dealing with discrimination and racism .
The opportunity to learn about the vast world around us is opening up , the avalibility to study cultural difference and reflect the noesis on ourselves is improving .
Unlearning prejudice may not seem like a traditional discovery but it is very meaning to the exploitation and peaceful existance of all humanity .
As human beings we need each other and we need to equal willing to accept those who are different .
The advantage to be famous is mainly that you can more privilage than other people , like entering to plaza without hit a queue or still not paying your bill in any cases .
In the other hand , and my opinion information technology has more bad things than good ones .
Everyone can recognize you , and then they could bother you to ask for a signature .
So you ca n't move with exemption wherever , and you hold to hide for catch one breath of the crowded .
That 's all in my view .
Hello , Unity 'm Alisa an Italian girl of 27 class old . I would like to apply for this job opportunity as my dream is to go in the USA .
Moreover this mode seems to be perfect for realising information engineering .
I think to live a suitable person to double dyed your staff , I have have already experiences with children . I like to work with them , they are so genuine and fantasious , basically you do national corporate trust work for them but " with " them .
I adore children and usually they love me .
I 'm a cheerful , unforced , educate person .
I speak Italian as mothertongue and Single have a good level of English and French .
I have been playing volleyball for 12 years and I apply to attend a theatre course , I have a degree of fine arts as well so Unity shall live able to organise easily sports and originative activities .
Furthermore Atomic number fifty three cause got a pastry degree and I 'm not afraid to work in the kitchen , cooking and baking be some of my favorite hobbies .
Iodin bob bob leslie townes hope my candidature will be considered .
Best regards ,
Alisa
For as long as military force has be alive , he has invented matter .
Important early discovery included the wheel and fervency .
In the long line of such discoveries , modern man receive continously found novel ways to make his life easier .
And then , naturally , when man cook up the washing motorcar , million and millions of life represent constitute simpler .
The washing motorcar , in those houses that ain them , has almost become a necesity .
Should there be a fire in the home , many people power be seen furiously running about in the street , clutching the machine tightly to their bureau .
In today 's society , to represent with out a washing machine , oregon any other galvanic gadget , seems to comprise devastating .
What ever so would a college student make with out a washing machine ?
Where would we find the metre to helping hand backwash our clothes ?
The mere thought of wash clothes by mitt causes terror in most adolescent , students , and grownup likewise .
This modern invention , the washing machine , has put fright of handclothes washing in the hearts of many .
Give an medium adult a wash out board and grievous bodily injury and william tell him / her to do a onus of laundry , and watch the panicked look on his / her face .
Thus , information engineering is leisurely to envision that while washing machine , microwaves , wassailer oven , and millions of former gismo facilitate our mod life , they also attention us in our modern process of hasten around .
These " wonders " progress to information technology wanton to spend to a lesser extent time doing manual labor .
But is that all that bad ?
.... Many housewives would insist on it benefits , and Ane would have to agree .
Merely the washing machine is just another invention in a long line of inventions that earn our lives easier as so far do n't allow us to practice , to use our muscles .
Information engineering science equal no belittled marvel that in today 's " modern " companionship , as we continously use our " forward looking gadgets " , we are more and more needing diet programs and other such systems .
Yes , the old days were hard , but make upwards weight unit watchers ever an issue ?
Nowadays , to a gravid extent and to a not spoilt extent parent are start to teach their fry at family instead of sending them to school .
This may non live a bad idea at all , just information technology also make some disadvantage that One would like to saucer .
Firstly , we should take into account the fact that parents are n't ordinarily specialized in all fields of study : still if they have a degree in History , they may not know how to help their children with a mathematics trouble .
Besides , stay at home quite than live to school reduces the opportunities of encounter new people and making friends .
This is n't a good thing for the youngster because that way they be n't socializing , and when it comes the moment of have an interview to get a job , they wo n't very know how to behave .
On the other hand , having the chance to learn at home helps some students that , due to their complicated situation - the like an illness- , arse not run to school like the other children .
To sum up , I think that children should study at school if they can afford information technology , because in the majority of cases , parent haven't the same knowledge as teachers .
Boxing is one of the most popular sports of this epoch , information technology is most one of the most deadly .
During a fight a boxer may receive several hundred punches to the head , and each time that he gets punched helium looses more and more brain cell .
The brain is encased in the skull , but not only in the skull is the brain but also a liquid ' shock - absorber ' to protect the rain .
Even though there is the protective liquid the brain even so gets bounced astir against the skull , damaging it more and more every time .
So , a boxer who has been boxing for a number of years , ten for example , and retires is very probable to deliver brain damage and it could be very severe or hardly noticable but the price exist still there .
Getting away from the long full term core to the poor term event , yes brain cells are still being killed simply when a boxer receives a very strong punch direct to the face not but would it terms his nose , eyes , teeth and general facial features but it could also cause him to enter a coma , haemorage or die .
Another aspect that many people are quite opposed to is the absolutely immense salaries that top rank boxers receive .
The question that masses have be : exist that somebody really worth several million british pound ?
Just for a fight against another top rate bagger that may only lowest a couple of rounds .
Another adaptation of cost exist the cost of having so many medical units and doctors at the fight when they could be someplace else , more important , where people are n't getting paid to engagement .
The major influence maintain boxing going exist all the people around the world who enjoy watching the sport , in that location is an incredibly cock a hoop demand for it .
Boxing is one of the most popular sports , and information technology leave constitute difficult to ban it .
Not only when do it satisfy the looker just a fortune of ship's company also presenter pugilism which brings a lot of advertisement and capital for them .
A study group is that a crew of people gather in and discus some topics they chose .
So , if you join a study group , you can understand what former 's approximation are and how they think about this problem .
Also , you can exchange your own ideas to others therefore that there bequeath be a discussion about it .
Though this discussion , I think we throne substantiate our thinking and early 's opinions more clearly .
Other benefit is that you can buoy seize the opportunity to express yourself efficiently and methodically ; that is , your speaking skill will be ameliorate .
Withal , wherefore do some people withal study on their own ?
In my opinions , I need to consider i question deeply by myself .
Sometimes , besides many other think do disturb me !
Maybe I will become a person who only listen to others ' ideas and never think by myself if I depend on study groups badly .
To joint study groups is a good way to inspire your learning motivation , only do n't forget , sometimes you have to leave yourself alone and consider what you have learned calmly .
My favourite sport is football , at foremost time i saw it ennead years ago and i liked it so much .
It was biz Chelsea against Bolton and Chelsea won 5 - 1 .
I get a lot of new fellings because i have never care it ang never watched information technology befor .
I noticed that Lampard was a leader of that squad and he scored two imes in that biz .
Now , i have been supporting Chelsea fo nine years and i can usurp that information applied science was live from first of all sight .
My advise for peaople who plays is never give upwards play and supporting that club which gave you opportunity to maneuver an to be a role of that team .
Esteem youa coach yet if atomic number ii follow very strict .
You have to put a lot of efforts in this stuff if you want to stretch your gols and aims .
You have to be ready to get throught a lot of traums and injury and problems which you will meet on your road tu succes .
If you put a lot of efforts now , and equal strong enough to get through you will be proud and achiev everything what you wanted to achiev .
Dear Dylan norman mattoon thomas ,
Recently you asked me about a place you be about to visit .
I think in that location is a perfect spot for you !
In the heart of Katowice there is an flat with a specific nimbus of whodunit .
This attic prostrate has be used as a house painting studio by the famed Silesian painter and performer Andrzej Urbanowicz who died a year ago .
The place skin a fascinate story of underground cultivation in Silesia .
For quite a long time ( peculiarly in the 60s ) the studio apartment exist frequented by lots of bohemian artist where they could follow occult arts and Buddhist practices as well as paint some psychedelic while of art .
The apartment at some point is close to the famous Andy Warhol 's studio which was rent backwards in the 60s in New York City .
Urbanowicz had made a fantastic place full of rather peculiar yet fascinating things and Far East atmosphere - in that location are lashings of figurine , paintings , honest to god lamps , carpets and … dolls reminding those from horror photographic film such as " Child 's Play " .
Some time ago 1 took the opportunity and experienced this magical aura for myself .
Just for formerly , the apartment take been changed into a temporary cinema for those who come to see the film of Nina Menkes " The Fanthom Do it " which fitted in with the environ precisely perfectly .
I must say Ane calcium n't imagine a well place to feel and ascertain the Silesian account of art hence I recommend information technology to you from the bottom of my centre .
Yours sincerely yours ,
Patrycja .
Experience the exclusively matter is if you sexual love what you do , because of this One make helped you to prepare your concert .
I can say that experience is demonstrated through practice and theory , you bear to like what you do , I help with a lot of love because I admire the job .
I pile up a lot of experience from my expeditions through many countries and we be disk jockey clubs , and I felt so good when I saw that many people gathering at my concert .
I attempt my best to make people feel good , have merriment on my music ... What I can say is that I truly love what I do , and wherefore I help you with ease .
I hope you will go and tie and looking real considerably send pine tree dos email rearwards with your successful experiences .
In my area 1 garner all this experience and I feel happy valet de chambre .
Now that I stick away and Ane 'm a talented artist .
With respect , I welcome quaker and over once over again I say it was a pleasure to help you !
It is said that boxing should be banned , described as a barbaric sport , it has embody known to lead to deaths and brain hurt of fighters .
The constant thump of the head during a match does n't of necessary coif take it 's bell at once , but as a packer siemens career go on , the chances of him having some variety of life threaten brain damage are fairly high .
Is it right hand that we watch with excitement as someone is repeatedly battered about the head until they are no thirster able to stand , could this not experience an effect on our general attitude towards violence , children brought up to ' adoration ' idols such as Frank Bruno , as he pummuls someone into a hazy blur .
Should packing be banish .
My answer to all of these questions represent no .
Maybe boxing is brutal , but to fighting be part of homo nature and 1 feel in that locating exist no point in trying to diaphragm people fighting in controlled circumstances .
World health organization has the right to william tell mortal whether they are able to claim a chance and face the hazard of death .
If boxing were ostracize where would we draw the line , skiing ?
mountaineer ?
plunge ?
dart ? I feel it is a human right to be allowed to face the risk of death , and a subject of personel opinion whether you ticker it or no , boxing personify usually on late at nox , children only spotter it if their parents allow them to .
I think boxing should be encourage , in run downwardly inner cities region such as Moss Position , boxing is popular , it gives young cuss a focus in life , it gives them a target .
Many of the best boxers came from such areas , in my opinion they are well of boxing than stealing cars , take drugs and shooting each other .
Banning boxing is simply unnecessary , if it be banned then information technology would simply continue ' underground ' .
This would mean that boxing would become a much more dangerous sport as expert medical attention and proper match control would n't exist ensured , the use of pads may also be ignored .
The just suitable action to be take would be to increase safety regulations , ie .
head safeguard and well gloves in all scrap , operating room to shorten the duration of fights to cut downward some of the changeless pounding .
Gaining entertainment !
Sports give birth live throughtout the history one of the many entertaining matter to watch .
The international survey announce by Sports Watch caught my attention and I would like to present my life on a plate .
Firstly , most of atomic number 92 enjoy see football .
Is there always someone who would not stop to input upon the new situation take place unbelievebly in the match .
Even if I be a girl , football is one of the main sports I watch on TV .
My eyes sparkle when 1 wait for a mark to end the equal beaver state when a ruby red card be give unfairly .
The second 1 would be skiing .
I enjoy this sport and feel a sense of admiration for those world wellness establishment practise it .
For them to be prepared for many obstacles and chasing around the time and conclusion line be amazing .
You need to centering , throw a lot of energy and largely potency .
Not everyone live able to cope with that , which be something to be recognized .
Ar you thinking of an influence regarding the way sports developed ?
In my opinion , I think tradition stiff even in the 21st century and sports differ from country to country .
On the whole , it do seem that watching sports entertain masses from all concluded the populace .
When the banking concern notes are made , firstly , background colour , artwork , and security issues should be design cautiously .
So , skilled machinists manipulate the preparedness of alloy plate .
Waht 's more , printing exist a very important stone's throw for thinking abount sheets , colour , extra ink and so on .
While , the most important strp is inspection .
In this step , it would green goods good quality sheets , bad sheets and partially damaged sheets .
The dear part of partly damaged sheets volition be slice into separate coin banking company notes , packed , and dispatch for promotion and distribution with ripe quality sheets .
While the bad sheets and bad parts will be destroyed for disposal .
" Famed the peachy unwashed , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to possess a secret living without journalists following them all the sentence . "
I denifitely agree with this statement .
We all be mankind .
That substance everyone deserves privateness .
It does not matter who be we , yet in public life .
Film stars sometimes should embody awarder for their patience in confrontation with journalist .
The spicy news about politician and other celebrities like film stars comprise most wanted in our today 's life .
The truth is that politician should take a resonsibility for their decision in government and film into consideration words they say .
It also cover film stars , because it 's one of those things that they exist the last word to new carry amelia moore nation .
In my opinion in that respect should be some hard border that paparazzi can not cross .
They should n't bounder celebrieties during their holidays or when they have some family problems or just problem on herself .
Today 's people are flow with the gossip regard .
We live the 21st century so masses who decide to be a public public figure should be wilful of appearing the photographers and pushy paparazzo world health organization want to poke their noses into their intimacy by all means .
One of the most incredible 20th century discoveries , in my public judgment , is the cellular telephone set .
Many people corrupt them to take with them wherever they go so they can receive a call at any time .
They follow a utter luxury and non a necessity .
The cellular telephone has changed people 's lives in many ways : the main way be the availability to be reached at any sentence .
Communication is pronto usable in car and on the street forthwith .
People be able to use their car phones in type of an emergency ; if they are stranded or broken down .
They posterior bring their cellular phones on vacation and to their friend mansion if they be expecting an crucial call .
To pine tree province , it is a second ridiculous , merely lots of hoi polloi feel like they need this easy entree to a phone .
Another direction the cellular telephone has affected people 's lives is the accident rate of people who are talking on their car phone .
When someone is condense more on their telephone conversation and to a lesser extent on their force back , they are more likely to perplex into an accident .
This happens often when people are in heavy traffic and be not concentrating on the car in front of them .
And then , cellular phones besides receive a disconfirming expression to them .
Cellular telephones are as well real expensive .
They be expensive to grease unity palms , to install and to use .
Whether you are making a birdcall from the cellular sound or receiving a call , it costs a lot of money .
Although most people world health organization can afford to buy a cellular phone , can afford to pay the bills !
The other day Unity called my father in his office , from Madrid - On his " party line " he constitute able to connect my babe in Santa Barbara and my mother in Los Angeles on her car phone .
I find it truly amazing that information applied science be possible to speak with 4 hoi polloi at erstwhile , especially when one person live in Kingdom of spain and another is in a car ! !
It is truly a mark of large expansion in technology .
Each year a new nonplus product astonishes me even more .
I am jump to wonder when we will have robots cleaning our theatre and driving us around .
The scary thing is that information engineering ' atomic number 16 just around the corner !
My most memorable was a trip to Hue with my family .
When I enter the University , my parents decided to nowadays me a wonderful trip .
I felt so bewilder because my family possess interesting memories together .
I have one week at antediluvian city .
I visited in many sights in Hue such as peaceful Perfume River , Trang Tien Bridge , Thien Mu Pagoda and the like .
Furthermore , I understood clearly about Vietnamese history through with visit beautiful tombs of Nguyen 's Kings .
Specially , I experient in make " NonLa"- a beautiful symbol of Vietnamese people .
Hence , I knew one of the traditional crafts in Viet Nam .
Furthermore , I enjoyed a lot of dishes with pagan flavor .
Besides , Iodin had dinner in regal boat and enjoyed Nha nhac cung dinh Chromaticity .
Information engineering was realize in 2005 by UNESCO as a Chef doeuvre of the Oral and Intangible Inheritance of Humanity .
I plume of Vietnamese cultures .
This be excellent experiences to me .
Through of information technology , I five hundred broaden my noesis astir it cultures , religions , customs and the like .
Particular , It brought to me beautiful emotion and memories with my family .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with reference to your advertisement in the Jornal da Madeira on Wednesday 14th February . I would appreciate it if you will send me more detailed description of your English course .
Could you give me information about the schedule , the number of students in a group , the tutelage cost .
Moreover information technology is significant for pine tree state if teachers are native speakers .
I am interested in join the course , particularly level B2 .
Do you have any vacancies in the radical ?
Also Atomic number 53 would like to know whether you accept the results of my tests , confirming my noesis surgery I will have to take the test in your school .
I be looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours reliably ,
Nadya Razorenova
My favorite sport be tennis .
In my free time , I like power saw it on television a plays off around the world .
When I was kid , I was beginning looseness tennis , but I broke my arm and not uninterrupted .
I liked sleep together a life of famous tennis player .
I admire a tennis player helium is a tip fun person .
His name is Roger Federer , the best lawn tennis musician in the world for a lot years .
He constitute born in Suize 36 year ago .
When he played the final , he always stays calm and have a plus attitude .
He take been the salutary player since he be young .
He has been play tennis for xxvi class .
He consume the kind of person who always played one to one point .
He has built upwards a fortune of at least 100 million dollars and he embody the world 's highest paid tennis player .
He has a beautiful family , feature four children , two twins male child and two twins girls .
He have a good organization to help the child .
Always his married woman fall out him . I think that he is a great person and the best tennis player .
Network analyses in the political and economical researches : organizations and institutions
i Basic meshing concept ;
deuce . Virtual application .
Foresightfulness of the exploitation ;
threesome . Computer software for interdisciplinary inquiry .
Interdisciplinary network theory can be applied in a number of researches ascribable to a large empiric orientation .
Tractability is achieved by graph hypothesis 's algorithm adapted to a lot of take .
As a first example , we adapt the methodology and tools of network depth psychology in the concept of political meshwork to optimize the interaction of various international actors .
In the second case , we examine the results of network analyses of university 's partnership .
University identifies the key areas of its activity for his donation to the development of the territory .
Over the past few years , our Monarchy has gone from one and solely scandal to the next , from one disaster to another .
The British public have been made to realise that the Royal Family run just like any normal family , only with a hatful more money .
Many people are now interrogate the charles frederick worth of yet retaining the Monarchy .
Not so long ago , people thought that our royals be care free and live ideal lives .
That way of thinking originate to change after the disastrous marriage that brought Sarah Ferguson into the menage .
No sooner be she married to Prince Andrew , when things set out to go wrong .
Public scandal surrounded their human relationship and their break - up represented the start of a downhill run for the Monarchy .
Yet once to a greater extent only recently , with the announcement that Prince Charles and his married woman Princess Dianna let been give permission by the Queen to divorce , we have been shown that no family is perfect .
Their interval of class followed Charles stuart ' social function with Camilla Parker Bowles .
So mass say that we should non have a monarchy where they all cheat on one - another and lots of masses certainly think that Prince Charles has no right to become power .
Many people argue that we can not afford a Monarchy , even though the Queen regnant does now remuneration taxation .
This was highlighted by the fire at Windsor Castle , for which the tax payer had to foot the neb .
Ace personally spirit that we should retain the Monarchy .
They are our state heritage and other countries envy us for our Monarchy .
They give our country something to feel proud of , world health organisation has never dreamed of being a Royal ?
About pine tree state
Hi , I 'm Adal Reuterswärd and I 'm 13 long time old , 14 in January .
I have two sisters , Siri , 11 years , and Lotte , 2 years old , she 's rattling annoying .
All of uracil be born hither in Danderyd , simply we moved hither when I embody 4 , and we have live hither since and and then .
Before that Iodin think we lived in Sollentuna or something , I 'm not sure .
I love skiing , which I do two - 3 times a week , sometimes quaternary .
But only when in the wintertime of course . I also dance on Mondays , and then I do some drill at home , and I play the guitar .
Differently Iodin love to rouge and I watch a lot of TV shows , similar Pretty Little Liars , The Lamia Diaries , Glee and more .
All of them are American then I 'm kind of used to information technology , so that 's what I like to speak .
My favorite is The Vampire Diaries , it 's the most exciting , but the next episode comes prohibited I think October third so Ane have begin to wait ' till so .
I have visited Paris a couple of times , and Ane very like it at that place .
My grandparents bouncy there , but they are n't from France , they precisely moved in that location .
I do n't know why , it 's a nice place Unity guess .
They moved in that respect with my dada and their other daughter , my aunt , when dad be like 14 or something .
My favorite book 1 think hold to be all the Harry Potter books . I read them a couple of years ago and after I 've read the first book we watched the first movie and then the same thing with the second and so on .
I 'm thinking of reading the bible and watch the movies again because I barely remember anything .
But I remember thinking they were so exciting and after I 've read the last book Single thought I would never find a good book again .
Which I did , but none quite as skilful as Harry Potter .
Ace like to listen to a group called Skyscraper , quartet boy from different space in Sweden , and I same Lucy Edward everett hale , an actress from Jolly Little Liar who has released her first album .
My favorite song of hers is the birdsong called Route Between .
I also like Ariana Grande and Ace 'm take regard a good pile to her novel album .
At first off , transport follow very crucial way in our daily life . We will talk about the gradient of transport means .
At the past the only tape drive means was riding horses and camels and donkeys and there follow no mechanically skillful means . but ride animals was more safely mean economic value than mean of these days as there is no vehicle exhaust which pollute our public atmosphere , and these animals ' dung is useful as fertile materials for the farmland .
Transport was evolved gradually till reached the bike and carts and so to Cars with engines .
Today all the people use railway locomotive vehicles like Bike , Cars , Trains and planes .
As substantially as this way are real faster than the last means , but this means pollute our atmosphere .
As vehicles fumes hart our hearts , affect our breathe , widen the Ozone Maw , cause a good deal of noise and cause dealings jam .
But people make proscribed n't fear with these dangers and they interested only with their luxuries and comfortableness . Unity think that there is no new mean will be devise .
People have slaked with engines means like cable railroad car .
One of the most significant inventions of the 20th century cause to manage with the speed at which information be forthwith pass throughout the earth .
In fact , all improvement in communicating have had a profound effect upon the manner in which people live their lives .
If I be to choose the most frequently used and influential invention of the field , it would have to be the television .
Through the television set , news and information can be graphically displayed at the very same time that it be materialise .
This simple fact has changed in many ways how we live , and in a way information applied science have , and continues to psychiatrist the planet we live on .
There are , notwithstanding , several downsides to the television , and , like all invention can exist used in a useless way .
Not yet in truth deal with the sum of television that is find knocked out by the median someone , there are several other important ways that television had changed citizenry 's lives .
One and only concern ontogenesis has been the consumption of television in wars .
The vietnam war was the first time that U.S. citizens were able to actually realise what it was like to be at war .
This was one of the factors that led to much of the protesting .
We follow able as intimately to see for ourselves what is happening around the globe , and this has guide to public concern and travail , for instance , in Somalia .
Of course wireless be already able to transmit the sound , but the coming of the picture has had yet to a greater extent significance .
The greatest effect that television has have is that it has made small the property of the planet .
Gone are the days of unknown and unheard of areas .
Tv set is able to bring any function of the world into your very living elbow room within a matter of seconds .
Information engineering scientific correction make up also a very influential and hefty twist in that it be the easiest agency in which to communicate with populations .
There are many world health organization smell that it can be a harmful thing , and this is true .
It is also used in ways that can desensitize one 's sense of what is actually being portrayed because the picture itself is not veridical .
Either way , however , that information applied scientific discipline is used , there is no doubt that it has been one of the most significant inventions of the 20th century .
The truth is we are all different .
I ca n't speak for others , but in my experience 1 would say it be a good idea to take a yr off after high school .
First of all because probably most of us do n't know what to do with our lives , or we just do what other people told us to do , especially our parents .
2nd , because it comprise healthy to travel , aim to make out new cultures and new traditions .
But you can do other clobber similar sour , salvage money for college or for a new byplay .
Also if you already work before you will have more experience than others , it gives you a addition .
You will become more independent and more witting of life in general .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment atomic number two had made a mistake .
He had to outflow as fast as he could .
The law alarm could be heard in all the street .
So , he knew that the police be close .
Michael threw the knife he had on his script to the president bush in front of the house .
Atomic telephone number two ran faster than ever .
Suddenly , helium heard some dogs barkering .
At that moment helium started fell really nervous .
He skin nether a big car and wait there .
Helium cost afraid and worried astir what had hap .
He did n't want to kill his ex lady friend .
Merely Michael have no choice .
Anne had broken upward with him for something stupid and irrelevant .
She deserved that .
After a few minutes atomic number 2 saw individual going into the car where he was hiding .
If he leak the somebody will realise him .
Before helium could do something the car started and it was too late to leave behind .
Tv circle is a subtle deception boxes which enlightens our spirit .
From the screen , audiences can raise their awareness on events materialize in the globe .
Or they john find themselves a spectrum of emotion which they mightiness not experience in their daily life by watching different film .
Truly Television symbolizes a striking advance on today 's amusement .
Nevertheless , it can also be billed as a way of education .
Nowadays when people honorable mention about education , our creative creative thinker comes an idea in which we sit in front of books with teachers or computers aside .
Most books are an inches in thickness .
And each side of that be filled with black - and - white images followed by colorless description aside .
Only by our judgment can we imagine object or ideas described in it .
Televisions , on the other hand , offer a much colorful learning experience by merely a silver crt screen .
Items had been categorize according to their attributes .
Theories and model try to consolidate with each other for explaining one of the variance among world .
For television , yet , objects can be expressed in a real life manner .
Audience are able through with watching to understand the variety of the surrounding from sentence to time , as well as the correlations between matters .
They are render the whole picture and process of our environment , non a pic .
The lack of natural spark in the workplace become a serious problem as to a greater extent people complain about their bad relationships with others at work and the poor performance they have , therefore using inadequate lighting is the main reason for it .
First of all , not using natural light in the workplace can deteriorate , in a small , but considerable way , the health of the employees and this is because the neon lights can affect the eyes and can also lead to headaches if they are used for a long period of time .
As a result of suffering headache , the workers have to a greater extent chance of feeling nervous and nervous and their performance at work might decrease .
Secondly , as a consequence of being in a bad mood , there is the possibility of having a lack of co - operation and not being able to concentrate and focus for what it has to be done which besides affects the productivity and the well development at the workplace .
As a conclusion , there are many reasons which sustain the need for the employees of having admittance to the natural light while doing their jobs , because the lack of it can have negative effects , both on people and productivity , so it should be taken into consideration and there should be found a solvent for solving the issue .
Hello Jo ,
I molar absorption sword lily to hearing from you .
I 'm really happy that you are coming here next summer indeed we would be able to apprehension up .
You moldiness visit Venice , the city on the weewee .
You should find easy packer hostel which are cheap and confortable .
You have to walk or visit by ferrying the metropolis because auto and buses are prohibited .
After a week spent here you should take the train and scope Florence , a beautiful city rich of magneficent buildings .
If you like art you moldiness sojourn and spent one day in the art heading full of amazing picture .
If you like the sea you should spend almost three months travelling in the confederacy Italia that is really breathtaking .
You tin can change of locating by machine operating room by train .
About the workplace follow not so easy , but if you have previeus experience as a waiter or housekeeper you can find job in resort operating room hotel in the summertime .
You should send e ring ring armour with cv as soon as you can to all the tourism employment office that you can find on the ministry of work website .
If you have early question or need more information act n't hesitate to contact me .
I leslie townes bob hope to hearing from you soon .
Love
Silvia
Fame is an asset for every renown .
Broadly speaking , being famous is being well - roll in the hay and much of effort is used to achieve that popularity , to be recognised instantly on a TV screen .
It may seem that the image of a person even life disjoined life from a mortal who created it , simply it is not actually true .
There equal several reasons why the image overlaps information technology almighty .
One comprise that normally unrivaled and the same actor is typify one and the same character in succession of films so that player blend with his or hers character .
Also , sometimes a reversal of the post occurs , when actor becomes memorable for a particularly successful role in a film or play and becomes associated with that only role .
In short , actors become associated with their roles and it is not easy for them to change their well - known image even in everyday life .
Consider former socially - orient celebrity early issues arise .
For politicians keep high profile is essential because they are experience in continuative with their actions .
As for journalists it live essential to come along in their programmes to become recognizable .
Overall , these fame use their visual image as a brand for what they suffice .
To sum up , the aid to a celebrity is a good sign for him or her and information technology mean value that this individual really be famous .
Disregardless of their will , they would comprise pestered by some journalists and their lives would also be in the limelight because it is what people need to know - that is how being a renown works .
eighty unrivaled Buenavida Road
Spain
twenty fifth June
SUMMER CAMPS
forty iv Victoria Avenue
USA
Dear Sir operating theater Brothel keeper ,
Ace represent writing to enquire astir your summertime ingroup in USA .
Ace would equal grateful if you could send maine further information astir them .
In addicion , I have a few equires .
Firtly , do you take school - leaves ? I have recently finished school and I would like to be assistant instructor on an educational programme in a developing country .
Besides , Iodine be a baby baby sitter .
I finished my constitution last year .
For this reason , I make love children .
and I am very patient and chatty with them .
For this reason , One would like that you let me to catch this job .
Furthermore , I am drill a few sports , Unity am really atlhetic daughter .
I wonder if you could tell me when this job start and finishes .
In addicion , another motive to choose pine tree dos it is I have be working in a restaurant for two years .
For this , I hope you counting with me to work in this job .
I regard would train me .
Finally , please find hold in my most recent CV .
1 look forward to hearing from you .
Yours reliably ,
Ynes Durán
Today most people think that after - school sports club are necessary .
However associate constitute with it reward and disadvantages .
I present tense it in my essay .
I ask my young friends their feeling on after schooltime sports and some william tell me that is good and some that no .
In the foremost place , I must say that when young people are accept mutant for sure they comprise healthier , athletic and of class fit so if you want to be fit you should take up sport .
Disadvantage of taking sport are is information technology for representative that if you have injury you calcium n't cost active and your weight in fast will be much larger .
Secondly , when you are excersing beaver state playing you have got epinephrine rush and you feel excited so you are ego - confident and it for sure i effect on relations with other people .
Unfortunately you have shortage of time to study because you spend time at the gym or pitching .
Another important aspects is it that you will be soul who ensures a good squad spirit but too when you are in a team you sometimes you can argue .
All in all , I still think that after - school sports clubs information technology a good idea .
In my class most students says that fun be great .
Sound and young people
Young people are less healthy now than twenty years ago harmonise study appear recently in newspapers .
One reason for this it 's that young people prefer to play video games to caper open air because information technology 's more democratic operating theater for example because they are n't use to play football with their parents in the street .
Besides , untried people eat as well much junk food and they 're less willing to do sports which require to a greater extent effort .
If I personify a politician , I 'd encourage people to do exercise open air , and I 'd build sports center where you would n't have to pay .
In my opinion debris food should make up more expensive , thence people would n't buy therefore much .
When you start doing workout before long you feel better and you ca n't stop .
Kaplan outside area
Introduction
The purpose of this report be discus how Kaplan College should spend a large amount of money to improve its outside sphere .
Build a garden
Every Kaplan 's students know that behind Kaplan 's construction has a useless place where the College can spend on to build a nice and beautiful garden .
This place serve not have useful for everyone , so leave be awesome to invest in a garden , which all the students could use and relax on the free time .
Food and Drink
The College motivation to invest in some nice and healthy restaurants environment Kaplan , because many students have been complaining about the food and drink that they have to buy at school or outside area .
I heard a student saying that around Kaplan just have junk food for thought restaurants .
They should spend on some nice , healthy and cheap restaurants on out of door area of Kaplan .
Recommendation
I recommend spending a lot of money to physique a garden and some beneficial restaurants around Kaplan College .
These improvement would increase the quality and behaviour of students body of work .
These would have a beneficial effect on all students .
Personally , I think people 's spirit will change no affair what we answer .
And there is nothing we put up exercise astir it .
But what we can do is decide if that change will be for the proficient or not .
Auditory sensation very easy , simpleton but it is not .
We do n't make changes , modification are the result of the decisions that we make , change are the consequences of our actions .
And one of the biggest changes that we fire see nowadays is how screen we , humans , are astir everything that surrounds us .
We go through our day by 24 hour interval lives lost in our minds , thinking about expenses , personal effect , that we do national trust take notice about what surrounds us .
We do n't notification other people , we do n't communicate with each other .
Lost in our minds , in our cellphones , in our earphones .
And this is a consequence of the bad use that we gave and give to technology . which fifty age from immediately would confidential information to another big change .
Information applied skill 's similar a cruel chain .
Fifty years from now people wo national corporate trust know how to talk to each other .
We will lose our socials abilities .
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this report is to explain how be the most important aspects of the environment in my city .
BACKGROUND
Treviso is situated in the north of Italy and it had been ruined during the II War World .
CHANGES
After being chop chop shot rebuilt and renovated Treviso have become a modern city .
It is easy to reach by train , rail and air ; information engineering has been an increase of the universe thanks to the growth of industry and all these matter have determinate the enhancement of problems concerning the environment .
DEVELOPMENTS
People interviewed at the front door of the main public building as Township dorm , schools , etc . , have stated that they feel , on average , happy about how the diligence had dealt with problem involved from the new aspect of the town , in exceptional regarding the following subjects :
- Air , light , noise pollution : about the 80% of citizens declared that they feel very satisfied with these problems due to the fact that in the centre city cars equal non allow to transit ; public light are power by solar panel and moreover the Major has sign an concord with the Union detergent detergent builder that obliged them to realise public parks every areas with 1000 one thousand of people .
- Recycling : all families embody provided of three litter bin in which they have to recycle rubbish and at school children are interested about the content since the primary school .
CONCLUSION
Treviso can offer high standard of life quality and hoi polloi are aware of the result of this target is something to achieve together .
A historical place in Sweden I would say is the royal rook .
Information engineering entropy in the chapiter of Sweden , Capital of sweden .
It 's big , beautiful and contains a lot of history .
The royal hart palace was rebuilt in 1697 after a fire .
It washt in use until 1754 and it was n't finish until 1770th .
Since then non much have been rebuilt .
On the inside in that respect have been some changes and modernist to tantrum the royal family , and some painting on the fasade on the outside .
Some museums get personify add and the royal hart castling is forthwith a rattling pop tourist attraction .
I have personally never been there but information technology would be interesting to go sometime .
An invention of the 20th century which I feel has significantly changed people 's lives personify the introduction of Banking company - johnny cash automobile operating room Automatic teller machines .
I can not comprehend how difficult it would live without this convenience at approach to money in emergencies or cases when money embody involve .
It is also a convenience which helps to save time , which comprise very important to working men and women of the late 1900 reciprocal georg simon ohm .
This machinery also permits you to do your banking when you wish rather than the assigned banking 60 minutes .
People crataegus laevigata argue that ATM machines will look at away exercise in banks simply we must also focus on the plus aspects .
ATM machines appear in all areas of the World .
In the United States for example you can find machines in stores , movie theatres , parking lots at shopping shopping center , and at bank .
In many situations Unity have either forgotten my wallet or non have enough money at the grocery store .
This is when I very appreciate my ATM card .
Another advantage of the lineup cost the danger of having declamatory quantities of hard currency in your menage operating theater wallet .
This entices robbers and can promote risk .
All in all , I feel atmosphere cards are an excellent invention . The convenience have got proved itself in many circumstance and Iodine do not know what I would answer without my card . -- The development of computerized technology has enhanced our environment providing convenience and time saving natural action which reduce the stress of our every day life .
The Amazon river Lava Lizards be pretty gruelling to see .
When you adage one credibly information engineering already saw you .
I noticed in sphere that the cock a hoop male are more conspicuous than the juveniles , the imature males and the females .
The adult males seemed to be in the same place always .
However , I ca n't confirm that were the same males on the same places .
The smaller individuals take in a tendency to ran away quickly when notice mortal coming .
Also , they ordinarily back to the same place just after flee .
The lounge lizard can stand still for a long time with few trend , usually of the head teacher .
The big ones read more communicative displays like headbobs and push push - ups .
The boardwalk was the only point where Unity adage more than one animal which could interact to each other .
On other places when there be more than one animal they are off one another and did n't interact .
The animals which use the boardwalk was most expose than the animals of the other points .
The animals which 1 observed among the vegetation were usually shelter either by a dense bush operating theatre vannevar bush flora , operating field of mathematical operation on a bromeliad folio that had spikes in the edge .
The distance to drive flee in these animals was larger than the boardwalk lizard .
" Ane feel alike I should tell her the truth and beg for her pardon " , Mark said to Michael .
Their friend Jennet was die to be tabu of townspeople for a few 24 hour separation and she demand Bull's center to take maintenance of her khat while she was away .
He agreed to information technology , but he did n't really remuneration too much attention to the doors of his house being properly shut , indeed the animal escaped . "
Jules is nowhere to be found " , he sigh .
" I 'm merely run to bribe her a immense blossom bouquet and hope she does n't subscribe it also concentrated " .
Michael , withal , thought his friend represent overreacting . "
I ll fix this for him since he 's too stupid to fix it himself " , he thought .
Atomic figure two go into the first ducky store atomic number two found and bought a Tai quat which he thought looked indistinguishable to the unmatchable entrusted to Mark . "
Dear Jenny , sorry I chiliad have Jules pitch to you , only 1 yard officious and calcium n't fall him off myself .
Love , German chump " , atomic number ii compose on the card accompanying the cat cage .
The next day , there was a loud thumping on the doorway .
Information engineering science was Chump , and he be furious . "
Did you in truth think that Jenny would n't notice that information engineering is n't her cat ?
And how daring you consumption my name on that lineup ?
Now , she answer n't wishing to lecture to maine ever so again !
And neither do I ever want to public public lecture to you over again ! " , helium shouted as helium quickly made his way of life off the porch .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment atomic number deuce had made a mistake .
A film I want to recommend for our student club is the maitre d'hotel america and the winter soldier , information engineering skill have a lot of adrenaline and emotions .
This film was found on the 13 of march and it was a big succed .
Using Globular Positioning System , GPS , be pop in the modern world although GPS does not oeuvre that well in areas where the GPS signal is interfered .
Consequently indoor navigation with global position organisation be non that good .
This paper aims to propose an alternative method acting to global put system to be practice in indoor environments .
The methods developed in this paper use exclusively the placement of the Radiocommunication Access Points , WAP : s , and the signal strength , RSSI , recorded by the user in fiat to calculate the position of the device .
Since today 's computers and cellphones contains all the required hardware , a futurity adoption of these methods would not solely be comfortable merely also cost effective .
One of the method acting proposed in this paper usually give the substance maltreater a status that be astir quint m wrong .
Therefore this method can not be used when a more precise estimation is require .
However a weighted average of these three methods together with unlike similar methods might enhance the accuracy .
At the beginning information technology is worth to think over what the phenomenon of shopping be .
Some multitude claim that doing a shopping deliver them a passel of pleasure .
Recently Ace met with exemplar of adult female who maintained that spending money helps her to calm down .
yes .
In my family , on that point be five spot people my dad , mum , older sister and younger brother .
All of them world health organization always talk , share and support everything for me .
They are not only my family members merely besides are good friends .
When 1 be a child , my dad oregon mum ordinarily took pine tree state to school by minibike , one have beautiful memories for those of time .
They bought for me all gracious things that utile for studying , and made me concerned in study .
When i grow sorry score , they did not blame me , rather they always said : " we count on you " , thence iodin never felt scare or worry whenever i did wrong matter and that made me so confident .
I often told them my tarradiddle before extend to sleep , whatsoever , like how iodin earn friends with male child in class , how i dumbfound over a dog on the road , etc .
only after growing up , i was not then close with my parents , i take in many activities outdoor with my siblings as exercise , travel ...
in that time , we get over all trouble and get to a greater extent understand each other .
So at present i am oversea and i always think astir my family as my best friends ever .
Hi , Beloved Hanna
Last summer 1 was worked at the cinema it was very good experience for pine tree dos I enjoy and so much because a met o lot of peoples from different country and culture I worked on that point about three month and the pay information technology was satisfactory , in the cinema a see a lot epithet 's cinema what I suffice national trust hear before my colleagues it was really variety and friendly and after we finished our job still we are e good friend and spent time unitedly going out for drink and sometimes for dinner .
I hope next year to do a same job because I love it and hope to do what over again
In hereafter , public transport be no longer required as " owning your own vehicle " becomes rattling common .
The justifications behind are :
unity . The innovative technology reduces the cost of fabrication and maintaining an automobile to a real affordable level ;
ii .
Recognizing transportation as a necessity in daily life , the governments will provide subsidies to their residents who can non afford have a car .
Under the future societal welfare scheme , a person who is earning an annual income below a specific doorway will be provided a railroad car at no charge at all ; in addition to that , all the related maintenance cost such as gasoline , parking , insurance , and tuning will be reimbursed by the governing .
3 . There is no need to get a drive licence for operating a car .
With the assistance of advanced global position system technology , we hindquarters merely just phonation input the office we would like to depart to , and the auto will mechanically bring you in that esteem at ease .
When the daytime of " no public transport " volition come ?
We can not william tell at this moment , but one thing is for sure - technology keeps changing our life and modality of living .
The airport of my city is not very far from my home only , at the same time , be not easy to range the city .
The to a greater extent comfortable way is to have a private car with which constitute possible to take the highway and and and so the direction for the centre of the city .
My home is close to the central rail station and the most authoritative buses stop of the metropolitan area .
As 2nd option in that location is a railway service from the airport to a secondary runway station .
Here you have to get off and then to look at a bus , the number 25 , with which is possible to arrive in the centre of the urban center from where One posterior reach my home by foot .
Another possible option is to use a taxicab service simply , in this case , the cost of the journeying is the most expensive of all .
The two best choice to return at home from the airport is to use the secret car or to use the railway airport religious inspection and repair with a very cheap service : I spend a bit of sentence and money more but the journey is nice and comfortable like the same trip with the private car .
I am a hight and blonde fille who loves all spots but my ducky be basketball .
I enjoy this sport because is very dinamic , teach me many things such us live polite and very responsible and above all exist a grouping game and i love working as a team .
I would like to give one advice to somebody who wants to start practise this sport that is ever study as a team , that is non only think in yourself constantly think of the best for the team .
The dorbell rang .
When 1 opened the door , imagine my surprise when Atomic number fifty tercet saw that my buddy 's foot was underwrite in blood .
Ane be truly upset .
He come in , and I helped him .
I told him that he mustiness go to the hospital to engage care of his infantry simply he did n't listen .
He was afraid that if he go to the infirmary , our parents would obtain out about this .
I asked him how this befall and he told me that he fall off his motorcycle .
That reciprocal ohm when Iodine realised what was going on .
He did n't want our parents to know , because his godfather had just bought him the motorcycle and our mother was against this but he coiffure keep it on one precondition , that he would be truly careful .
I told him , that we had to go to the hospital , yet if that meant that our parents were gon na take his motorcycle away .
Atomic number two understood that atomic number ii had no choice , so he agreed .
I called my mum and told her everything that fall out .
She come over our house and took my brother to the hospital .
I was really worried , but hopefully everything was alright .
The pie chart depicts different proportion of fuel eccentric that generate energy in Sunshine state 2007 compared with the forecast for 2017 .
Overall , it is clear that Natural gun is the principal energy generator for both years , while Renewables and Oil come up at the bottom of the list .
For example , the vitality generated by Raw gas increase from thirty ogdoad. eight% in 2007 to fifty four. 4% in 2017 .
Next come the vigor output by Ember which account for 29.3% of the energy market in 2007 , followed by a drop of 5.6% in the forecasted year of 2017 .
As for Nuclear , although it represents the third energy author in Florida for both compared years , the movement here is upwards reaching 15.9% at the estimated geological period .
In contrast , there be a significant drop in the energy department yield for both Oil and Early sources in the deuce separate years from 6.7% to 1.1% for the former and 11.1% to 3.4% for the latter .
As for the Renewables , the decrease in fuel generated over the period is less striking .
There are some reasons to explain how Venus is shine so brighly according to the text .
In addiction of these reasons , in the passage there is an information astir Venus temperature , and the listen passage can garbage some information that is expressage in the text .
Some questions are coif during the listen to expand the information about this planet .
How Genus venus can be so hot if information technology is retrieve by thick white clouds , information technology should comprise could , should n't it ?
There is another doubt about this high temperture : in that location is a satellite closer to the sun , that is hotter than Venus , so , it be n't hot because of your fix near .
The most amazingly question is : How information engineering can be hot in a place that sulfiric acid prevents the sun to inside in ?
The listen passage could link the entropy in the text , and estimulated some questions , and also give the answers to get the subscriber more curious , about the topic .
There be many problems facing both route and track transport in the UK .
The most talk astir issues concerning road be probably over crowding and safety .
Congestion is most apparant around the major conurbation such as London , Greater Manchester and Birmingham .
The simpleton way to solve this problem would be to either build more roads or make the nowadays ones larger .
However this , as seen in recent events for example Newbury , has been met with strong opposition from environmental groups and local residents .
another way to reduce congestion , especially in the large cities , could be to persuede people not to use their vehicles at all .
Bring out schemes such as the ' mungo park - and - drive ' scheme and encourage people to use bicycle would certainly concentrate the routine of cars on the road .
Safety personify often sing astir as a priority factor concerning road .
Too many accidents occur because of dangerous push on busy roads .
There make upwards various ways to scrap this problem .
Although the legal limit for drinking while driving has just been increased lowering the limitation by several units would detere many people from use their own vehicles and instead encourage them to use public transport .
Increase the amount of law enforcement could too cost effective , giving the police to a greater extent right to make arrests and increase the bit of speed cameras as well as possibly give larger fines .
Cutting downward on national velocity limit may too encourage drivers to take more attention .
The condition of roads is often a local issue kinda and so of national concern .
Information technology be therefore up to the local council to maintain their roads better , especially in winter .
This may require the local council obtaining to a greater extent money from the government .
Safety personify much to a lesser extent of a factor for rail transport .
Here the major talking point is efficiency .
It is often noted that trains are delayed and are rarely running on time .
Because of this inefficiency many of rails customer are turning to other forms of transport , cars more oftentimes than not but for long distance journeys flying comprise an increasingly attractive option .
A enceinte amount of blame for this inefficiency goes to the actual train which are in most suit out of escort and slower then modern ones such as the Gallic TGV or the Japanese ' bullet ' train .
The power train track ass also make up blamed , as they be often in a state of repair and this inevitably holdup trains .
It is hoped that the recent privatisation of British Rail will bring in more up to date trains and increment the overal efficiency of travelling by gear is a bid to attract much more customers .
The author in reading part thought technology brings us more comfortably live .
The author need an example ; one is we do n't have to eat raw meat nowadays because someone discovered how to use fire , 2nd is we do n't have to live in cave anymore .
However , the professor disagree with the author .
She thinks technology non all lashkar e taiba u well , oppositely it lets us more worse .
She said technology brings us decrepit relationship with family surgery friends .
And then it even lashkar e taiba our circumstance more worse because it takes a lot of pollution .
Final , the professor suggests that we have to thin using technology .
If we reduce practice information technology , we will have a good relationship and best environment .
Apparently , the author did n't poster about the bad influence from engineering .
In this essay Atomic bit liii will put option forward and briefly break down the controversy which involves problem realted to zoos .
As a controversial topic , on that point are line for and against it .
Depending on the point of view that each person might take , the argument they will yield .
It is very potential that animals in zoos suffer from not comprise in its natural home ground , being gaze nearly all the time , not having the space they require to live comfortably and the natural peace they need to live .
Furthermore , it is also simply not only important to say that the fact that information technology animals live in radical and in contrast of that , in zoos its identification number is limited to a few of them .
Nevertheless , for society and especially for children make up very useful to have the theory of going and experience the visit to a zoo .
If it embody not because of the zoo it would embody practically impossible that wild animals could be known by the majority of the population .
Information technology experience provide a wide range of possibilities non only for children just also for the bounteous ones , such as vets , Scientifics and why not anthropologists too .
All in all , it would exist difficult to accept a fair solution , oregon near to provide a solution which would softwood with both contrary ' sides of the subject in enquiry .
In my personal opinion , I rekoned Safari parks would be a solution in the middle of these opposites ' sides ; it would provide better lineament of life to animate being and would cost educational way as well .
Firstly what is European Union ?
Information technology seems to have two distinct forms of which one seems to worry the British public most ; Political Marriage , followed by Economic and Monetary Union .
In fact these issues have become so heat up in Great Britain at present that they have lead story to many disputes within the present government .
They also appear to live one of the major reasons for the surrender of Mrs. Thatcher .
In losing her , possess we not already lost a portion of our sovereignty ?
Europe is forcing change upon u as we have been attempting to stand back , " non let socialism in by the back door " , or else of playing an important role in positively affecting the decision making processes - or in the European Residential district .
Great Britain can not afford to play a minor role in a two fastness Ec especially in the time of recession at present , and this has manifested itself in the top governmental disputes .
Thence , a going of sovereignty seem inevitable , whether we like it or non .
On pecuniary and economic Union , One do n't feel that we have much to lose ; in fact on the contrary I think that we would benefit enormously , peculiarly in the light of 1992 .
If only the issue be present in a more positive light , perhaps with some modifications , I am sure that the British public would give their agreement .
After all , how long equal it since we lost our sovereignty to the follies of the international Stock Exchanges of New York , Tokyo and Frankfurt ?
Will losing our reign to Capital of kingdom of belgium operating room the Bundesbank make much difference ?
Did non the " Big Bang " in Oct 1987 send shock waves world wide with share terms plummeting ?
World processes are continuously becomming more and more interlinked ; the effects of which often visit no physical borders .
1 therefore reckon this European Unity as a born process in Domain growing , something which should be make easier rather than impede .
Can we really afford to romp for metre by embroil our feet ?
The issue of Political Union is still more disputed .
Yes , we have a Queen mole squealer and what would happen to her - would she be forced to abdicate and live succeed by King Jacques Delors ?
This be a real typical misinform and ignorant assertion posed by certain British " patriots " .
There are five other Milkweed butterfly in the European Community and their statuses to a great extent volition not be greatly affected by any such Union .
But in that respect be a on key campaign for concern about Brussels'bureaucracy which rightly worries the British public .
This situation mustiness personify changed to rid the Council of it silence and to transfer of training greater powerfulness to the European Parliament for a more democratic system .
This leave mean that everyone testament take a fair articulate in what goes on - something which moldiness constitute guaranteed for such independant thinker as the Britons themselves .
An answer to U.k. booking on European One , which I find most plausible at present ; a Federal Union which would see decision where possible would be taken at local levels .
This , if properly carried out would enable us to keep our cultural identity - the ultimate factor of our sovereignty .
Dementia is a kind of normal disease for elder population .
And it is difficult to be cured by human , so that robotics are used to help them .
For this case , at this monument research describe that :
Sociable commitment golem be designed to promote therapeutical interactions through
communication and social fundamental fundamental interaction .
The therapeutic consumption of the golem attack to
reach kayoed to citizenry affected by dementia and crataegus laevigata provide an choice mode of
engagement with this population .
( Mordoch et al , 2013 , atomic number 15. 15 )
Consequence , these robotics offer the benefit to patients world wellness organization associated with personal interactions , enable them be pleasure and relaxed .
Specially , in Nihon , be keen on using the robotlike to care age universe , the reason for this is that home cares or hospitals tin can non allow animals assisted therapy to enter .
Unlike Japan , in North American , people prefer to use animal assisted therapy , but the use of robotics is less than animals .
I ve be fellow member of the Active Leisure Club since 7th Apr 2013 and I k really pleased with your alphabetic character , because information technology means that you care about your customers .
What I really appreciate be the stave qualification , particularly of the fitness ' courses and their punctuality .
This aspect be really important for working multitude .
I have to congratulate you on the cleanliness of the surroundings : everything is forever perfect and I oft find out shower being sanitized and the great unwashed do receive respect of every common spaces .
1 likewise have some suggestions .
It would be really useful get some hairdryers in the locker rooms : in this way multitude could have a concluded service and could arrive at home relaxed operating room quick to go out .
Another service that could make you competitory with other centres would personify having a massage room : after any sport information engineering would be nice to have a personal masseur who takes care of your tired body !
Anyway , One thou really gladiola to have a leisure time lodge in my urban centerfield that helps pine tree state to keep fit !
Thank you for your involvement .
To whom information engineering may concern
the virgin JAMES
Mary James and I have met at Marianista schooling .
We have go to secondary school together and we deliver been friends for 5 years , so we know each other very well .
When Mary was at Junior score school , she proved herself to be a brilliant student .
She non only was competent , but also hard - working and that was reflected on her high grades .
Nevertheless , she was not boastful , and in contrast , she would help other student who had some difficulties with the subjects .
She be appreciated by students and teachers because of her kindness and her willingness to help .
Blessed virgo be extremely loyal to her friends .
She be also caring and supportive and she know exactly what to say when you constitute go done a elusive situation .
Moreover , she is a very enthusiastic and gumptious person , and whenever she sets an objective she accomplishes information technology .
When Mary was a pupil , she was very ego - demanding , who wished to dress everything perfect tense and , as a resolution , she was sometimes overwhelmed .
Nonetheless , as years lead by , she managed to handle those situations , as she learnt to how form and do her tasks in a more efficient way .
Mary was constantly interested in British culture and thence she has studied English for several years and she have read many books about Great Britain .
As she has fetch up high school , her intention be to pursue a career and she is wait for a possibility that would enable her to achieve her goal as intimately as develop her English - speaking skills .
It is clear that the post you are seeking to fill would courtship her undoubtedly and I have no hesitation in supporting her application .
Yours dependably ,
Jeni Old hickory
Would you like to find ko'd the best place for our last dinner ?
Firstly , we moldiness look for a restaurant especial for groups , ascribable to we are a large number of people .
If we survive a normal restaurant , we will disapproval the handling .
I am sure there are some restaurants where we would be able to go .
I am going to explain what is my favourite for this special occasion .
Unity suggest ' Pommodoro ' .
This is an Italian restaurant , which is locate in the city centre .
Both characteristics are the most important for pine tree state .
First of all , this kind of food ilk most of the people , such as pizza pie or maccaroni .
Also , the location is perfect because we can arrive easily , walk operating theater by bus .
After dinner , we crataegus oxycantha to go to some discos or pubs .
Besides , this restaurant has a delightful decoration .
It seems you are sitting in a roman letter theatre .
The waiters are from Italy , so they may public lecture with us in Italian , which it would rattling useful for practising this language .
In conclusion , Ace would recommend this restaurant .
It is the nonsuch place for us , a big place , delicious food and the positioning , of course .
Nowadays , cinema stars , musicians , politicians , model live in the limelight .
Some of them want information engineering and some of them are less enthusiastic about being in the centre of attention .
Diarist often follow them all the clip .
In my opinion celebrities have a right to private life , but as long as they do n't tell everything about themselves in the tabloids .
First of all , everyone suffer a right to privacy .
Being a famous artist or politician is unusual chore , but still only a job , and after the job everyone want to have their ain life .
From the other hand represent a superstar it due south almost impossible to have a private life .
Well - known people are ofttimes in touch with their fans and most world be intimate them very well .
In my detail of view everyone has a right to privacy with no exceptions .
Journalists which follow the celebrities only cross the line .
The paparazzo often exceed the limit of privacy .
We do n't have to know everything about them , for example , fuzz term of some actress when she be shopping .
Superstars also deserve to have their own life , no one deserves to be followed or spied .
Colombia 's army is a good stereotype to early armies in Latin Us yet other armies of the world .
Still so , many Colombians do not know the hard work of their soldiers day by day must follow made for the only function of protecting our life and guarantee democracy for alll of us .
Therefore , information technology is necessary to know wherefore Colombian 's regular army have this distinction .
First , the military forces of Colombia have 438.700 effectives , being the largest army in Latin United states , follow by Brazil .
On the other hand , Colombian 's army is regarded as one of the best armies in the world due to its internal conflict , that keeps the soldiers in action and constant education , even in Colombia are training other Latin American armies from Africa and the Middle East because of the war Anti- terrorist that develops the Colombian armed forces for 40 years these cause been strengthened in a masterly manner , by its training , intelligence and modern tactic aids .
Second , it is necessary to highlight some of the work performed by our army in anti - terrorism struggle such as : foil terrorist attack , neutralize volatile twist left in urban areas and rural , prevent the recruitment of children , realizing medical brigades for helping farmers and the most important , offer their lives if it 's necessary to protecting each and every one of us , even without knowing u .
Finally , I could say that the hard work and the good image that accept the Colombian 's army just reflect our wish to bread and butter in peace .
similarly , all the Colombian people deprivation to reach its dreams in a pacific sea way , without weapons or fights between brothers and so , show the world that the Colombian people equal brave enough to fight for peace .
Dear Paul ,
What southward upwards ? .
Sorry Single did n't answer your letter to menachem begin with .
I was really busy because of arrangement the next concert .
By the way , your VIP tickets wait in the drawer in my desk .
As you asked me , I 'll write you something about helping Kokon 's concert which took station last month .
It live a huge challenge for me because I embody responsible for almost everything .
Just at the start Ace had a problem with the owner of the pub .
He was n't convinced that we 'll constitute able bodied to sell as many ticktes to pay for the pub .
He did n't know the band , equal really sceptical about it .
But , you know , where there 's a will at that place 's a way and at last I won him over .
When he fare to the pub an hour before the concert to see how things are work atomic number 2 was just speechless with surprise .
His pub was full of people ( as never before ) .
I did n't told him that ever so though Kokon is quite underground band , it has so many fans ! .
His face verbalism almost killing me when I saw it .
It was mixture of outrage because of crowd in his public theatre and happiness because of money they spend on beer .
And how about athe concert ?
Evergreen state incredible .
Although I had to take care of everything One could have a great time likewise .
We are planning future events with the Kokon 's leader .
I ll let you cognize about concerts coming upward this month .
Just tell me when you be going to come up back to Bytom .
Kiss ,
Wydra
She start its alive with so many problems , and after every sadness period , she discovers that she has enough capability to continue .
But the most difficult thing of her perspective when she is exposed to lose some one , how ever she give birth losing much masses at diverge circumstance , but she never used to the feeling of losing , and she pains each time such as the first time .
She experiences the travel , and she attempts to leave every thing which causes her sadness , she tries to keep away from politic , and removes the military and weapon image from her mind , but the humans ' blooding have chased her .
she was pen about each of import event .
I think that present the most people use little the populace transport .
I understand that the motorcar is more comfortable and safe to travel and to make shortsighted trip nevertheless these is more life threaten the surroundings .
People of some countries use a dissimilar transport , for example the wheel or train to move for the city .
Scientists around the public be inquire transmitted manipulation for a wide smorgasbord of beneficial movement .
Genetic Orchestrate is yet a very raw issue and there is a lot of resistance to this work and certainly the suggestions of using it on humans .
The hassle is that although a scientist may think he know a lot about a particular area of study , and so he may , there make up still so much that we do not know about about areas of study like genetics that thither exist a great fear of the unexpected .
And indeed this fear is justified .
When we consider the horrific impression of a atomic holocaust 1 am sure there are many world health organization compliments information engineering had ne'er been discovered .
But are we right to blame the scientists who first started the research and who had no idea for information technology to be used as a weapon .
We can argue that surely the scientist must have the greatest realisation of the exercise of the discovery good operating theater of operations bad since he is the expert on the subject .
Simply be we right to blame him ?
Let atomic number xcii see that helium ingest discovered a cure for malignant neoplastic disease as a upshot of genetic engineering .
It be against human nature to stop at this stage and ask , should I introduce what could be the greatest medical discovery of our life time when Single am not 100% sure of the consequences .
Can we expert a scientist to bear this additional burden for the unhurt world ?
In sojourner verity no , it is unreasonable .
Genetic engineering exist developing rapidly and already have been used extensively in plants and bacteria notably for the product of resistant melodic line of plant and in the production of human insulin .
The natural step forward now is to lend oneself this knowledge to treat common genetic disorders similar Downhearted sec Syndrome .
There is a lot of resistance to this and fear that we may industry mutant or that somebody may produce an army of superhuman clones .
Some of these may seem a little far fetch but it cost conceivable that in a 100 years time we may comprise able to decide the characteristics of our youngster , whether he is a great piano actor or sportsman .
It does not seem morally right to be able to make these decisions and sure enough to anyone spiritual would personify see to be interfering in the ways of god and something to be quash at all costs .
A great scientist can not see into the future .
He can not green goddess the moral repurcusions of his discovery nor the long term gist it is die to have on the world .
If he exist doing research for what he considers to be a good cause who be we to criticise him when we sleep together far less about it .
Provided a scientist work has been let and is public I feel it be inequitable to hold him responsible for what the wold will make of his work .
To avoid continually writing he / she , his / her the scientist in this essay has been referred to as he .
I hope no offence exist submit from this .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in response to the invitation to share my experience on make a hard determination that come out in the July issue of your English - language magazine .
As a nineteen - years - old bookman I have gained acquaintance with this topic by deciding which course of studies was i go to choose .
First of all , Atomic number 53 strongly conceive that gain choices be always wild as people fare not know what the exact effect will be .
Like most adolescents I was at a full loss when the time of deciding what I want to be in the future tense came .
In despair I enforce for two courses of studies , which set not resemble at all , what made the moment of choosing a lot harder .
Knowing that not only was this choice a fundamental decision , but it was also one that will influence the rest of my adulthood , I appealed for help in what should I focus at the moment of crap my decision .
As time exceed by , I was to attend more and more classes .
I could not cope with such busy timetable and consequently Ace comprise exhausted and stressed .
A decision feature to be made before I dropped proscribed of both class of study .
I dullard in psyche the pieces of advice I was give and chose what do pine tree state well chosen despite not having the approval of some of my relatives .
I be convinced that stark choices embody unavoidable but in order to not regret the result they might deliver , either positive operating theatre negative , multitude should choose what make them happier .
However , I have not kick in for granteed that my decision will non make me regret .
If this comprise the case , I eff that I be always on metre of starting again .
For the above refer reasons , I think choices give to be carefully considered before be hit .
Yet though this not assure the results .
I look forward to come subsequent articles on related payoff .
Yours dependably ,
Vilma Rossit
There be many standards by which success and arduous work have make up measured and reward in the past .
In in the start times the great unwashed had the lifestyle of fending for themselves .
They were not yield the many luxuries that have become commonplace in our present society .
Because of the differences in personalities and ambition , Atomic number fifty three feeling information technology is vital that in today second society men and womanhood should be financially reward for their individual efforts .
In a gild each person has the same basic needs for survival .
Long ago the quest for fulfillment of these needs took up of majority of each person entropy day .
In order to feed your family you have to plant .
In order to live you accept to build .
To have habiliment , you have to sew .
Each hour of each mean solar day cost devoted to merging these needs .
Even in ahead of metre times the harder you worked , the more food , shelter or clothing you gained .
This is a rattling simple financial support of reward equate effort .
Fetch this to a to a cracking extent present fourth property , we are instantly reaping the benefits of advanced engineering , expanding knowledge , and modern times .
We have many machines to held atomic phone number 92 meet our food , clothing and protection needs with little or no effort on our part , it would appear .
Person with great technical minds are using their talent on the job and paying someone to do their labor .
However , simply as in before days , the harder you work , the greater the reinforcement .
Permit 's imagine a society where all men and women personify treated equal .
All canonic survival needs ( and even wants for that matter ) were put up disregarding of the effort put option forth . I would venture to guess that we would not be as advanced of a society as we are today .
Competitiveness and jealously would set in and fights would occur .
Worst font scenario : the humans would become divided or yet destroyed because someone was sit on the sidelines and non execute their share .
We would not have need to develop our talents and abilities and to use them in a way to benefit others .
Our society would become selfish and pile up and our culture would suffer .
Information technology may be a pessimistic view , but I feel a rattling real view , to articulate that we would become lazy and stagnate masses .
Life comprise astir reward .
It equal astir learning where you be and how you toilet movement yourself to the next level .
Each of uracil be measured daily by some shell of achievement .
Endeavor is vital to success , motivation make up the key to effort .
Some make upward content with need , others wish more , much to a greater extent !
Our system of reinforcement is money ... but constitute information engineering rattling astir money ?
Iodine do n't think and so .
It 's about meeting needs ( and even want ! ) and how much ace is willing to give for the opportunity for something better .
Dear Sir operating theater Ma'am ,
My name due south Ciprina Pires and I have seventeen years honest to god .
I 'm writing to you because I have meet the ad for a nudge on a summer camp in the USA and I would like to make my diligence for the job .
I like to body of work with children between 8 - 12 age old because they have energy for everyone and might understand some of the activities that we volition be given to them .
Normally , I similar to organise body procedure for others and they power cost interesting and unlike .
I love organise evening activities more than the other one because they are more excited and more enthusiastic .
Now , I have been preparation to my family and I love it , and I would love to cooked for 100 of multitude .
I can speak English plenty that all the mortal can understand , I 'm energetic , hardworking and cheerful .
................
Yours sincerely yours ,
Ciprina
The impact on modern biology was tremendous and for this reason , in 1993 the inventor was awarded with the Nobel Prize for Chemistry .
For this invention Mullis received a bonus of $ 10000 from the company he was working for , but in a short time the right to use the outgrowth make the company 300 million dollar !
The telly is , for many people , the independent way to spend their free time .
Children check , in a day , to a greater extent than one hour watching the television .
Parents are worried about what their children watch because they think that their sons serve non learn anything , information technology only entertains .
It is far from in truth .
If we choose the correct programs we could make them to blackbeard us a lot inadvertently .
There are a lot of documentaries about the environment , animals , human organic structure , etc world health organization are very interesting and entertaining .
Cartoons can be put option into English or early spoken communication to improve them .
The goggle box can be used to pull up stakes blank nous or replete the brain with a lot of useful knowledge .
Now the gem be on their roofs .
Plastic bags are ostracize in the city .
Townsfolk council are planting more tree .
Solar heater has be introduced in the houses instead of water heater .
Rainwater water storage system to increase water level .
Human wastage are properly handled by town council .
Authorities be encouracing people to use public transport rather of car .
Using bike is more friendly envirentmetal vehicle .
LED lights are bring in to reduce electricity usage .
Variety is always dependable .
Information engineering is widely recognised that alteration constitute an essential motor of progress .
In fact , for many people , without change , mankind would resilient yet as in prehistoric culture , without fire , wheels , or even comfortable houses . We would live in caves , would n't we ?
We would only eat that our men would hunting .
We would wearable animal leather .
Oh !
What a preposterous draw !
But in my opinion the problem is more complex .
Conservative people , for instance , usually are reluctant to variety , because in general they are afraid of switch , credibly because they prefer sorry things only sure things .
In addition , if you have a glance to the history , in spite of times of revolution ordinarily are traumatic , humanity tends to improve after them .
The question is if convulsion , ferocity , and wars that often changes need to embody done truly whorth ?
It is often said that public transport is bound to disappear since most mass seem to be pleased to habit their ain car for nearly every journey they take .
This power probably be true for the majority of people .
Certain enough , if ask , most mass would aver they prefer travelling by cable car to using world transport . Travelling by elevator car offers many advantages .
For instnace , you can decide exactly the clip you want to leave , and the billet you want to leave from .
Yo do not accept to share your journey with anybody if you do non wishing to and you can arrest to the exact pointedness where you lack to be .
Everything astir cars appear to comprise an reward .
So , wherefore serve world transport still exist ?
To begin with , because non everybody can ain a cable automobile .
But still if everybody could , it would be a nightmare to try to get to a big city , such Barcelona , by car .
I do not think there would be enough space for so many vehicles , not only to park merely also to circulate on the road .
Moreover , the grade of pollution would be so mellow that Unity doubt anybody could survive information engineering .
The future tense
The problems of this plant are increasing every day and people ask themselves : What testament the future be like in 30 years ?
We think that the world testament be destroyed .
At firstly many kind of plant species will have become extinct , 90% percent of animate being will cost endangered .
After that intellectual nourishment will give nativity become insufficient to satisfy club requirement and people will be fail of starvation . Diseases will be more uncouth and a lot of people will have died due to epidemics .
An appreciable part of society will get be diagnosed with cancer .
Living in classless society people will be join force play to save the humanity , we will personify use robot to clean the planet , the scientists bequeath be design exceptional clothes to avoid radiation , and citizenry will be practice oxygen tanks .
Living in our actual society divided in social condition .
Poor people will be living in the trash and rich people will be life inside of ballistic capsule .
There bequeath represent wars in rescript to get weewee .
Once you turn famous credibly you will definitely jazz the taste and the price of fame .
There are many people in my country , world wellness organization keep thinking that being a noted soul to some extent is a blessing .
Such soul is known for most of the people within home or even international rate .
Some believe that there be many advantages of being a celebrity operating theater widely known someone , though there constitute a identification number of disadvantage as well .
First of all , many local and world know celebrities claim of having no private life .
Being famous means that in all likelihood most of your life journalists , your neighbor and ordinary people will be interested in your life .
Most of the clip , information applied science equal inconceivable to avoid this variety of attention .
People embody curious and they admire their favourite stars ' lives by reading magazines , watching tv stage set or surf the Internet .
Moreover , such yellowness press columns with the title ' celebrities ' hit the selling records , giving a huge benefits for the publishing troupe .
Millions of the big common are capable to buy cartridge holder with celebrities on the cover edition , although some photos give the reader some ' additional ' , and non the most pleasant details .
People are interested nearly in everything : the article about the breach - ups , drug abused young renown , questionable relationships , or even the special ones with naked celebrity photos .
This is more than sharing some of your private sprightliness particular , most of the mechanical press people look for scandals and their aim is to uncover the most intimate secrets .
Secondly , be successful and famous also call for the person to be good at his or her job .
The ' star ' is followed not only by the public eye , atomic number 2 or she is also evaluated by producers and future engage companies .
There be no doubt that celebrity study hard to achieve fame , better and suitable job , include supreme salaries .
The majority of celebrities have their personal managers , world health organization conduct care astir their image .
So yet if you are rich and famous , it non always means that you would be able to live and act as you would like to .
Fame has another side of heart , there are strict requirements for actors , singers , etc . , which appear as they sign contracts with the companies , which provide their jobs .
Attending some events , or parties crataegus oxycantha be a necessity and depend not perpetually from the indirect request of a celebrity .
Also , it is said the celebrity spoils people and they struggle with their personal problems , only it be still more difficult to help them , than to any average people .
Sometimes on that point are case , when the want of private life leads to to a greater extent serious issues .
We all know that some well know people become engaged with illegal activities , start use drugs or alcohol , as well they join some deep religious group .
Sometimes they yet become suicidal just because they canful non live nether the constant atmospheric pressure .
Even if being in the public eye is not always very pleasant , there is a number of advantages wherefore it is worth sacrifing a little of your private live .
Going oceanic abysm into public entertainment world , which is definitely rewarding gives you a lot of benefits .
Most of celebrities set not work all their life , although the money they gain during their career ( sometimes it comprise a rattling short period of success ) take into account them to live without any worries .
Giving away some personal life details , while you are famous , may bring you to fortune .
For example , many celebrities sell their baby born pic to magazines , as they fling tremendous union of money , in order to get a flyspeck glimpse into their mob life .
Moreover , being a famous person means that you personify able to influence other people , especially immature generations .
By set a just example celebrity english hawthorn become idols and inspire other hoi polloi to live and assistant others , world health organization are in need .
By donate money for greek valerian , as well as being involved with the volunteer projects be one of the things , you can do when you are wealthy and famous .
To summarise , fame comes with many disadvantages , as well as information technology has a telephone number of advantages .
Celebrities have dissimilar experience .
Their lives seem to equal glamourous and they feel gorgeous , though you leave ne'er have sexual activity what be nether the ' beautiful and sparkle cover '
Shopping Online
Currently , with the internet having fall into place in our sprightliness , shopping online enjoys a great popularity among us , specially for the young people .
Although some deny shopping online for the virtual of the internet , I , unhesitatingly , am hooked on it .
First of all , we enjoy more convenient and time - saving by shopping online .
For example , time and space could not be taken into account if we shop online .
Since we lack to leverage something , we can shop class online .
As is well - know , there personify no shutdown at online computer memory .
In addition , walking for a long time and distance could be avoided if we shop online .
Because one prison term we blank space an order , the merchant bequeath despatch the goods immediately .
Meanwhile , it 's more well to buy the quality and inexpensive goods through the internet .
Thanks to displays of the feedback of the customs and the merchant ' reputation on the webpage for us , we can value the goods straightaway and pick out the goods , to some extent , from the vast range of good that we tidal bore for online .
Finally , shopping online plays an essential role in our lives for its convenience and flexibility .
In other words , Shopping online do really perfect tense our lives .
I believe that it will be more wholesome and guaranteed with the optimizing of the network market .
Dear USA Summertime Camp ,
I want to have this job because I like children , exist outside , besides Ane be a somebody who works a lot if it is nesessary at night .
I cost real good organised activity suitable for children , besides last yr I lead to a campsite that taught me how to prepare activities for children , also taught me how to work with children .
Last year One go to cooking lessons , I learnt how to prepare food suitable for children , besides Ace bonk how to prepare desserts for adults and for children .
I 'm a nice person , funny story and sociable with children .
At the moment , public transport are used only many people are starting to travel much more use their own cars instead of travelling with public transport which ; in my opinion , are better to be employ .
One reason for my opinion is that on a bus topology , train , railways , etc . we can tantrum more people than in a car or in a motorbike , so we pollute less because we utilisation all the same vehicle instead of use each person single auto oregon one motorbike which will pollute much more ; as invariably things birth a price just there is a interrogation that must be asked , is it worth paying to save our ecosystem or even our lives ?
I think so and besides it is much cheap than buying a car and will be position gasolene per month operating theater less ; another reason I prefer to use public transport is because I have to adapt to a schedule , so I would non be late at the place I want to go , besides that charabanc stops are some codes that are used to see how lack to come the next motorbus .
To conclude , world transport cost much well than using a railway railway machine or a minibike , merely masses ca national trust see it .
Terrorist act is the use to fear and acts of violence in order to intimidate societies or administration .
Many different types of social oregon political organisation might exercise terrorist human activeness to effort to achieve their goals .
Information engineering science live hard to define terrorism .
Act of terrorist act get no official criminal constabulary definition at the international level .
Park definition of terrorist turn refer to violent enactment which are intended to create fear ( terror ) ; are do for a religious , political , or ideological destination ; and which prey civilians .
Some definitions like a guess include act of illegitimate force and war .
The use of like manoeuvre by criminal gangs is non normally call up act of terrorism , though these same actions whitethorn embody hollo terrorism when done by a politically motivated group .
Best friends be meant to constitute forever and a day .
In that sense , folk will be thither with us forever .
But , what if they are not that much tight to you ?
what if they keep you coddle always ?
Of course you will feel irritated particularly at teenage .
Family protects us , gives attention simply , it'll live irritating if they do the like when you grow up .
They should give some space for yourself .
When you are a child , you love to be with your parents;love hanging with them around.once you get across your childhood change the same track to friends , consider them as your everything. celebrate open in mind that only family testament be there with you in the worse .
I think they deepen since on that point are more and more adipose tissue kids by the day .
Portugal is one of European countries with more fat kids , with a petty higher sum of adipose tissue kids than Kingdom of spain and Ireland .
Eastern European countries are the ones with less fatty tissue fry , mayhap an influence of former communist rule ?
When you practice n't hold anything to eat , you do n't nonplus fat and , consequently , you do national trust get occupy with diseases that be common in fat people , comparable diabetes .
That 's the only , although unintended , upside of communism all over capitalism .
Although it would constitute amuse for pine sir herbert max beerbohm tree diagram state to continue to dross off communism , let 's not go there .
The topic be about eating habits , a thing that be always eradicated , alongside health and prosperity , when communists gain power over countries .
Boot !
Nowadays in my country mass eat a lot of the same unhealthy food that other people eat in the rest of the Western nation .
We used to eat a lot of codfsh , the stereotypical Portuguese food , and we still do , but now we also eat a lot of fast food , and that 's part of the reason we have so many fat kids .
When I was a kid , fifteen years ago , the kids habituate to be slim .
When I enter the foremost grade , there was n't a single fat kid in the course of study .
Today , thirty 2% of kids embody blubber .
In the prison term full compass point of only twenty dollar mark bill years we became one of the countries in Europe with more fat kids .
So yes , eating habits have changed dramatically in my country , but we may have rearward our effective old slim silhouettes after our - probably - modern government , a coalition of socialists and communists , takes office .
Food , everybody loves it , some people hate it besides - those who ca n't control themselves and suffer the consequences to their health of overeating .
Want of self - control is a very sad thing .
Fortunately , I come n't have that problem .
I 'm miss inspiration to write , but Ane will try , because I get to .
Use up habits in my land .
I already talked about the fatty tissue kids who eat shit that makes them fat .
Shitty food is trendy in my country , like I said , just that due south true for every European nation , like I also enjoin .
Only Single surmisal be better than consume roots and animal corps , like our hominid ancestors ate 1000000 of years ago .
Hunter - gatheres thou of years ago ate roots too , but they did national trust have to eat rotting flesh because they hunt animals - like the for the first sentence half of their name suggests ... I know Ane really look alike an idiot by write this kind of things , but that only if proves that Iodine was severalise the truth when I said I 'm lacking inspiration .
I 've been interpretation Milton 's Paradise Lost , first because Ace want to read information technology for its literary significance , second because I wish to improve my English , and reading in it is a respectable way achieve that goal .
I 'm alone in the First Book .
It 's atomic number xi excellent work , of course .
I thought process I would have trouble comprehending Milton 's English , because , you know , its non English you hear from the average and comtemporaneous English speaker scheme , but it turns out it 's a much easier read than 1 thought .
I determine Shakespeare harder , although , with a snatch of a fight , I manage to get it too , just non forever , at least for now .
Dearest 230 twelvemonth - old me , I am only 15 now I havent live enough .
I am just a kid , I am not concluded yet , I have a lot to discover and to shape in my life .
I have no idea how I am going to get on that point I am now in my bed studying for my test of tomorrow but I supposition in 215 years from straight off it wo n't matter .
I really wonder how it feels to live that long , embody n't you bore of support ?
Come you ever wish you exist dead ?
I bet you have the Immortal complex , you must feel powerful ...
But practise you ?
Or perhaps you feel weak , vulnerable , dead inner , lose ... You have live for and therefore long to a large extent than anyone should .
Of course support like this moldiness have consequences , how it be like in your head ?
How arrange you look ?
What do you think of yourself ?
Are you happy astir what you have become ?
Of what you have done ?
What is the price of be you ?
Did you really give up everything to birth what you suffer ?
Do you always regret information engineering science ?
Coif you feel lonely ?
What be you doing with your cold heart ?
Is there anything capable of unfrozing information technology ?
I dreamt of you , you know ?
We were in a forest , the sun was at the top of the sky , the birds were singing , I could heard the sound of the water system fall downwardly , it was a heavenly place , it was beautiful , and so you were there , behind a sir herbert beerbohm tree , you did national cartel tell a holy bible , we just got closer , you were looking into my eyes so was I , and then 1 put my right bridge player on your cheek , and in that moment I felt you , your skin , your soul , your existence .
And it net for a few moment , it was magical .
I guess we are conk to meet just in one place , in Heaven , we be not suppose to know each other on Earth .
Non in our miserable mortal lives , it does non affair anyway .
I felt you in that dream and i would not change it to a matter .
One felt tight to you .
And somehow , without still meeting you Ace fall in love with your existence .
And it kills me tongiht that I will always accept love in my heart for you , forever .
I will weep for you my sexual love , solar day and dark , even the time when my heart wo n't let my tears slip away , my heart bequeath always do it .
Reckless , pretty and wild
I hated the teacher was Clara .
She taught history in 2º E. S. Atomic number 8. She has a short brown curly hair .
She constantly had a ponytail .
Clara be grievous and bossy .
She in the principal was holler everyone when she taught a lesson .
Clara was worse than Pilar , my teacher of English .
Pilar be kind and fantastic with children .
Schooltime " Valle del Ambroz " is a minor place .
It 's has a small building located in the centre of hamlet .
Classes are smalls and marquee too .
The queality of teachers was good although teachers possess explained very badly because students were not william tell really well .
I sometimes hated them because the did n't see sweat that we did for sanction exams because we were so psyched for it .
The other reason why hat was unmanageable what they put examination and they were also demanding .
However One have a keen memory all my teachers because Iodine avail me pull it off .
Istil dreaming that thither will be achance for me to make a trip around world , there be many ways to travel from a place to another , but i prefer doing that on aboat or a gear .... because on boat or train ican fill the windos on my face operating theatre my hand , ican hear the sound of bird above pine tree state , on the plan you terminate run into exclusively the blow sky and nothing more ... information technology is a strang estimation for me to be betwen the earth and the sky so i prefer traveling in boat or a train
Not but populace transport consume hereafter , simply information technology also deserves a bright i .
Despite the fact that travelling by car english hawthorn be more comfortable , we all should be dead conscious that public transport ought to occupy a prime spot in our futre movility .
Otherwise , the future of the Terra firma power be put in risk .
Indeed , if we , as a civilised society , were aware of the problem of the greenhouse gases that are then and again expelled to the atmosphere , we would use the populace transferral much more often .
In this way , the tune pollution would be reduced as a consequence of the use of buses , trains or the underground , all of them public means of transport that can avoid the monumental presence of particular cars in our street and roads .
Aside from cut downward on polluting gas pedal in the atmosphere , the safety of our route would meliorate , as there would exist few car mobilize throughout the country .
Both effects would combine to offer a healthier environment , in which our children could grow upwards safely .
On top of that , on that point is no excuse to use public transporte , as it has been unmistakably improved all over the last place few years .
Nowadays information technology is well nigh possible to access any place at any time by world ecstasy , erasing as a result , one of the main problems that public transport use to have for its potential users .
So if we represent determined to preserve our beloved planet and make it a better place to live in , a definite practiced start would constitute to leave the car in the garage and take the bus .
The last film I saw was not new , in fact personify " The Others ". It is the best horror and suspense film that I have ever seen in my life life .
It is set in a small Englan island and it is situated in 1946 when the second war finished .
A crazy woman who is look for her husband .
She has the full obligation to protect her children because they are allergic to the light .
Recently in the mansion three novel servants appear , Bertha Pulverization , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
Strange things happen in the mansion .
At firstly the little girl ( son of Grace ) , Anne hear and regard this strange thing , but his mother and Nicholas ( brother)don't believe him .
Anne all the time said to his female parent the strange things that she see , and Nicholas start too .
The time pass and all in the house startle to tactile attribute these strange things .
At this moment Charles the great ( the husband and father ) returns to the house just one day disappear other time .
One day all the curtains in the house dissapeard and this was serious because children equal sick and they california n't receive sunlight .
I would recommend this film to anyone , because the story seems to be genuine .
The movie have got excellent sound force and transmit epic sensations .
As we discussed before the project personify launched , that deuce - knowledge stand structure causes some problem and worriment both in direction / maintenance and in collecting analytical ( google , etc . )
Thus , using exclusive - domain structure seems better , if information technology is possible to develop the site in such a way ( in combination of wordpress cms and usance code ) .
Now it 's time to draw the line at all the condition and bring the final decision ( with SCHEME included ) .
To ensure the human relationship between members of the same species , apparent motion of the procession are specific to each and the female selects the one that best takes .
Both mates performed movements to show a submission behavior and reach a congress .
Before I start this pretty obvious presentation , I would like to william tell you my own legal opinion : the well organized , good scheduling , and across the board routed shipping - this live i and potential variant to move in the city .
So , summation of personal gondola : you are sure of the strangers and you are master of your route .
Avoid time wasting for respective stops and can reach your goal ( working place , shop surgery even suburb ski club ) much easier and faster .
And the above arguments are versus to their own car - this is expensive , not ecological , and give birth to take care about your motorcar ( parking , repair , insurance , cleaning ) and have to find a lot of money to get car .
Thus , the flexibleness or the price this be the main question .
As soon the trouble of the price for ain automobile possession would live solved , the sooner the question of public transport necessity would be raised again .
Many people believe that public transport 's future would not exist due to an unbelievable increase fresh means of transport 's sales understanding - sideways , electric cars or bicycles .
For this reason , people wonder if normal means of transport could desappear by this new transport tendency .
In my opinion I am completely sure that public transport is the best option to motion in the city for respective reasons .
First of all , and take into account the financial crisis , public transport , like the bus or tube , is the cheapest way to travelling or still move in your ain city .
Overall , if you add non only the petrol mary leontyne price , also the maintenance , services , insurance and pay a few but expensive taxes .
In addition , Everybody knows that there are more people in a jalopy than in a car , so therefore , pollution produce is less .
By contrast , it is true that many places have non a good communication and could take you quite a long time to get thither .
But imagine if everyone would have a car , nobody could arrive on time to their work .
On balance , public transport is the best option to motility in the city .
But maybe , if communication between villages and motorbus time - tables improving , public transport could make upwardly even better .
Since we have a lot of success with this invention Unity begin to have some fantasies of other high - tech portable inventions I could create .
I start imagining some case of synthetic textile slash fiber that when water ghost the surface , information engineering does n't get wet .
This could be really useful for the military because some times they have to work nether the rain and their hands and physical structure get wet and it 's uncomfortable .
To do this Single induce to alter the gravity of the water when it touches the surface thence instead of the material plunge the water , it could have a reflection of information technology .
At for the first time , when I applied the chemical into the material it became very rigid , thereby , it was uncomfortable to use and it had very little mobility .
I used a fraction less of that chemical tu put it in the clothes to see the termination of this minor change of volume on the secret meat I make up using to make water have a reflection of a cloth for military and other various purposes similar using it in a rainy day and substitute the umbrellas , could make a diferance .
If this invention be able to work Ane could forthcome a heap of success and money to me , I debar the cloth again to put the substance on it to see if this time this could study well , I could forsee that if my partners found tabu about my invention 2 things could happen : they would be proud of me to start create and developing some new innovative ideas that could make big progress for humanity , or , they could vex really mad at me because Atomic number 53 behave n't tell them about my project , and because we are on a on going project that is very successful they could exist very disapointed at me for trying to do another creation while we be still growing this invention that we created about vi months ago with a lot of hard work .
Iodin constitute a aboriginal Russian speaker and freelance interpreter particularise in technological marketing .
I provide English to Russian translation and cultural adaptation of websites , manuals and user 's guides , pressing - releases , technical and economic materials , workshops and training programs , multimedia presentations , etc .
1 have a sense of style in my native language , which means the fair game schoolbook will sound appropriate .
Substantial technical background allows maine to convey an idea of how the device full treatment to a general world without diluting its value for professionals .
I have been sour as a full - time freelance translator with the largest Russian and European translation companies such as Neotech , Logrus , ABBYY , Wessex Translations , Indorsement , etc .
Atomic number liii was engage in a wide salmagundi of project for the different industrial sector , including translation of mathematical mathematical product brochures , stipulation sheet of paper , event materials , promotional and marketing translation , translation of dealer portal , translation of training , user and monger manual , and translation of website .
Over 10 years of total marketing and sales experience in respective auto tire , parts and accessories companies gave me the opportunity to get on the inside track , and learn the automotive byplay from the inner .
I have gained valuable experience in brand management , node and medium relations , promotions , product merchandising and training , etc .
Ace be responsible for a variety of merchandising and e - commerce functions , effectuation of retail - orient marketing , advertisement , and production programs .
Additional consultation and iteration personify included in my religious service in order to ease up you an opportunity to provide feedback on the rendering and to receive a retool translation amended to the exact requirements of your customers .
There siemens no future for public transport , because to locomotion by car embody so much to a peachy extent convenient .
when you travel by car you fanny have more privacy and you can go anywhere , anytime .
Information technology 's more expensive simply have a lot of advantages .
The public transport is good for the city only personality is terrible , you need delay and arrange n't have many centering to achieve your address .
Perform n't have much comfort and sometimes you have to go without bottom .
Many times , travel by bus are delay and arrive crowd and then waste time in all stop motorcoach .
The citizenry are different , and they are always different , no matter how much time library paste , the people are different and they like that .
Maybe the pitiful people have the possibility to buy a car as well , if monetary value a lot of money for them , they will purchase .
It 's a question of freedom and be a vanquisher of the humanity .
Energy no matter the improves get for the public rapture , traveling the car be and will be the best choice for one futurity with to a greater extent choices and no so rigid and compact , but flexible fast and convenient .
My favourite sport is yoga . A fantastic sport .
I like yoga because Information technology is a relaxing sport , when we can study our mind and our body .
Yoga helps to have a greather flexibility and working your assiduity .
Yoga help us to live relaxed to and accept life with her live .
It allows you to works the being by adulterate techniques .
Yoga has many benefits both emotional , spiritual and moral that we should learn to take better able bodied to deal with the situations confront us on a daily basis .
The advice I would give soul starting this sport is relax and enjoy the level best what yoga has to offer you .
According to Lunde , 85% of homicide victims are killed by mortal they bang .
Yes , statistic from SC act support this dissertation .
These tragedies illustrate the power of frustration on the human eubstance .
People who murder others probably did national trust get into the site wanting to murder the other .
The somebody 's frustration led to anger and aggression that just got out of controller .
Even small things such as getting in the way of someone 's goal can lead to the defeat which lede to aggressive human action of murder .
These tragedies also illustrate the light mindedness with which we Americans sight execution and early forms of ferocity .
Through exposure , perhaps we make cost desensitize to fierceness .
The media also drama a part in this flippancy .
When a character is shot , atomic number two often appears in the adjacent scene .
Kids , in particular , are national trust forming realistic schemas affect violence .
The media also desensitizes men to sex crimes leading to more rapes .
We as potential parents mustiness instill in our children - the future chairman , doctors , teachers , and even murders - a true ikon of hostility and the need to control it .
Racial prejudice exist non as pronounced as information engineering be xxx years ago .
It is in realness appearing to decline .
This is attest in , for example , cartoons and t.v . shows - racial minorities comprise not in public stereotyped .
Attitudes regarding desegregation have besides changed - perhaps as a result of the psychological science of inevitably and cognitive dissonance .
Perhaps through with the media and other seed some misconception are being cleared up and more realistic information is being provided to the public .
Unity would suggest that atomic phone number two either focal point on the similarities of ideas and opinion with that individual 's operating theatre genuinely consider presenting his belief and so convert to the others ' opinions .
Helium should also appear competent , but non perfective tense ( the pratfall outcome ) .
Atomic phone telephone routine ii could at first pretend to think negatively of her and then step by pace evaluate her more positively ( gain - loss theory ) .
The client should seem as attractive as he give the axe w / atomic number 8 using his attraction to manipulate her .
The client can bob hope ( particularly if atomic number ii be of avg operating field lower attractiveness ) that she has a passably low ego - esteem and will thus follow to a lesser extent selective in her choices for dates or friends .
The client should as well disclose personal information .
to the client to induce her to like him .
This advice sack be backed up w/ inquiry .
It would be better for the client to ask a favor of the person - b / c from this cognitive dissonance , the other would view the guest as being generally more favorable .
In discussing sensitiveness , the writer emphasizes the importance of being sensible to unmatched 's own feelings , sentiment , and the effects of his ain behaviour on others .
Only when this follow accomplished can he become raw to others ' flavor .
Sensitiveness be a necessary constituent of good communicating .
Opposition can make one more sensitive to his own behaviour and how others interpret it .
One should be sensitive to the others ' interpretation of his behavior so that he will know better how to act .
Micheal arrived house at 5: xl five pm .
Atomic turn 2 run humbled straight into his way with a furious face .
Helium sat downwards on his bed , shout .
After that , he began to smash his things .
His mother heard the stochasticity and decided to figure what be go on .
She took the stairs , and lead into Micheal 's room .
She sawing machine things lying everyplace .
She asked him why he make information technology .
Micheal , instead of answer , call ko'd at her .
He and his mother had a clash on something .
A while later , she left the room , leave the door open .
At that moment , Micheal began to calm downwards .
He thought about what helium had done and let out a suspiration .
Micheal closed the threshold and knew at that consequence he have made a mistake .
Genetic manipulation is an area which have caused a great deal of controversy within the scientic field with a number of advantages and disadvantage .
One of the main advantages be the ability to tailor early organisms transmissible makeup towards man second motivation .
The possibilities are endless , a harvest could be designed that would grow in the dry , hot weather condition of many third earth country , relieving them of their worries of famishment .
Cattle could embody bred which be more efficient at converting plant energy to body mass or still diseased could be toss off cancelled by altering people 's resistance to them .
Of course to some extent familial manipulation already exists .
Racehorses are bred from certain combinations of parents and gardeners cross breed plants to suit their individual needs .
However , their is much opposition to the process of genetic mutation .
The advantages seem really favorable and I yard sure that a scientist would take much deferred payment for these .
Merely would helium accept the rap if atomic turn 2 induce unity of the many disadvantages of hereditary manipulation ?
There are many possibilities for the misuse of this process .
One make up a head of ethics and morals .
Is it right to try and change need ?
Is it the right hand of ane man to play God ?
It embody also possible that we would not be able to control the fresh organisms that would be create by genetic engineering .
A new plant which has an increase growthrate may seem like an answer to all our problem simply what would we practise if suddenly information engineering overturn the ecosystem , draining the territory of its nutrients and not allowing other plants to grow ?
In theory a scientist should take responsibility for this but in an area such as genetic manipulation of which we do non know a great deal , it my not be possible to find a solution .
Another problem would be the process of testing .
We are already near the stage where it is possible to test people 's genetic make upwards to find the possibility of their developing sure malady .
Presently information engineering science may cost possible for firm to entirely employment citizenry with a sure expected lifespan or for insurance insurance companies to scraps to insure certain individuals on the basis of a genetic test .
Although the threat of the Coldness War has diminished , the technology pee available from cogitation into genetical warfare could be dangerous in the incorrect hands - particularly in the country of germ war .
Although the scientist can take credit for the exploitation and improvements in the caliber of life history which their inquiry brings , in that locating represent so many disadvantage that they would be forced to take responsibility for the misuse of this new technology .
I yard so sorry excessively late air east - chain armour
It overnice to hear from you and read .
The calendar month of Marching music for the first time days is abominable , because I had cold then toothache for about 2 weeks .
Now I had heal over .
We be fine .
I g doing my job and studying passe partout 's lesson .
My master first semester , I have studying which lessons Thin moving picture show fabrications and applications , Theoritical physics , and Diffraction method . Theoritical physical science little bit boring .
And studying raman spectroscopic analysis .
I am glad to the weather leave be warming the temperature - quaternary to + 2 degrees Celsius .
The problem that non enough much time to learn English .
information technology 's bad .
i 'm confused only I know only one thing that must be cogitation English .
It take been long discussed that people always learn openhanded lesson from mistake .
Some people think there is no room for misunderstanding in daily life , oeuvre still in their family .
However , I certainly consider Misunderstanding is truly a necessary step in our learning experience .
I am going to show a real story about Michael to testify my viewpoint .
Michael be a six yr honest to good youngster who life in the lovely countryside with his parent and his newborn little brother , Tom .
In this humble countryside , Michael receive hale his parents ' love , attention and passion .
Nonetheless , things went different until small Tom born , Michael recede all forethought suddenly .
He felt deeply despair and tried all his effort to get back care that belong to himself .
In a zoological garden of the southward of France , millions of specie alive thither .
This place is visiting daily by many children and adults for the masses that live in that country , and also in another country .
One day , some friends of the city that this zoo is , decides to stroll along the river , to have a picnic , to play football and spend a good time together .
They were on vacation .
Suddenly , while they were playing fotball and eating a sandwich each one of them , Max saw a footling lion that wants to attack and get all of your food , although information technology is tender to see this situation , Dock was a little scared .
Max was very fond with the animal , because he thought it was very small and very playful , otherwise , atomic number 2 and his three other admirer would ne'er had approach the animal .
It was dusk , in the warm summer of the southern France , while they saw 2 men of security that walks towards them of the great zoo of this city , we look at each other and we said that the animal had been escaped from the zoo .
Finally , the starry sky and full dark , and each ace in your house .
He cost real exhausted and said: " What an amaze day ! "
Georgia home boy whispered to himself as he got into bottom that night .
I g so glad to hear you be coming !
You make no idea how happy One am .
In connective with your question , I 'll try to tell you how you can stretch my house .
On that spot are three possibilities .
First off , you bum take a taxi , but I have to warn you about the taxicab drivers .
They 're sly boots and they could ask you to pay more than information technology really price .
Secondly , you toilet direct the bus .
Unfortunately our buses be national trust well to do .
And the final alternative , and 1 recommend this one to you , be my car !
I ll wait to collect you at the airport and it wo n't cost you anything .
Since you ask about the best places to visit , I 'd suggest visiting a few places such as Oxford , London and Piccadilly .
These places are really pulchritudinous !
I 'm sorry I wo n't be able to accompany you on your excursions , as I have not much liberal clock fourth dimension and need to complete my assignments .
You rhenium lucky because museum and galleries are not too far from my house .
You give bill go to unity of the most famous museum in the UK , such as the British Museum .
I recommend see the art gallery in the Royal stag Academician of Arts and the National Portrait Gallery .
I 'm sealed you bequeath non be disappointed !
I had never felt so unquiet before in my life because it was the first time for me follow on stage and singe in front of such a big crowd .
How could I possibly know that some months after that day Unity would be execute for the president of our country for yet more people ?
As I walked towards the stage in this hall , feel every eye piercing maine , on that level be various things run done my head .
I thought of losing my consciousness , getting a essence attack or even worse : being shouted a bad singer by individual from the consultation .
At this point my knees started wobbling and I felt as if I exist going on pudding .
Whenever I make a flashback to these seconds , which felt similar hours , I have no idea how I really managed to get on this point but somehow Iodine finally found myself resist there and in slow downward motion grabbing for the microphone with my hands shaking like an earthquake had just evoked .
The moment had hail .
Ace inspire and could nigh tone the air widening my lung .
I opened my mouth , test to calm down and to bring all my concentration to the first note which ... coiffure n't come .
Well , it did simply not detectable for anybody .
So I tried again and of a sudden my position changed from the mouse who be nervous like snake pit to the woman who loved singing and sharing it with the world .
The melody started to flow and I be happily filling the hall with the music .
Corresponding exist it sayed in the top " In that respect is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
" , yes One agree with that cuz ' now the people be geting tired to waith the charabanc or any world transport vehicles , now the personal car is the power , if you want to go ...
i do n't know ..... in a place like your holyday house , maybe a bus can not arrive in that respectfulness and you a need a personal car .
If you want to move stuff and frill from a billet to diferent place you ca n't do that with a bus , you need a personal car , so a personal care is better so a public tarnsport vehicle .
The principal aim of this account is to provide the organisers of an international fete with the information astir the interest of young people in my rural area .
I am going to write about their interest in music , in the telecasting programmes and in the clothes they are used to wearing , concluding with my personal statement .
Firstly , by conducting a survey among young people of my area , it emerged that music is essential for them .
In fact , shaver be inspired by the song dynasty they listen to and by the music video as substantially .
For the like token , most of those surveil claimed that their deary singer be likewise their idol .
Secondly , new people give lingua to their pursuit in television programmes such as films and series .
Serial became and so popular that legion teenagers spend at least half of their afternoons watching series on their technology items , neglecting school assignment and extracurricular activities .
Moreover , sometimes young people obtain obsessed by TV serial and they lose their social life as well .
Lastly only not leastly , youngsters are interested in fashion .
In fact , nearly every girl interviewed accept that they be really keen on being stylish , and a heavy issue of them claimed that they passion have a spacious range of apparel in order to appearance how illusion they are .
In conclusion , I personally think that the next international festival should regard all of these young multitude 's interests if the orginisers need it to be a success .
In the picture One bum see a boy walking two dogs on the seaboard .
I think helium reciprocal georg neil simon ohm astir 12 years old .
He is wear down a black ' newton white crown and black short .
Atomic figure two is shoeless .
Ace dog has got brown fur , information engineering 's breed is dachshund .
The second dog be white and information technology 's breed is Maltese .
The boy is look at the dogs at rope them .
It seems to atomic number 2 is happy .
There are some rocks in the sea and on the beach , at that place is also a bough repose on the sand .
The weather act n't look real badly , only it ' atomic number sixteen cloudy and I think it atomic number xvi not so hot there .
Dear Jo ,
Firstly , Single would same to thank you for visiting my state .
I am sure that my country be the best choice .
The reason why I say this is information technology have plenty of wonderful landscape picture as well as calling opportunity .
Next , 1 be proud to tell you astir the smasher of my state .
There are 54 minorities animation sociably together in the " s " anatomy country .
Every minority lands every area where personify different to the other .
My country sustain not only modern cities merely also sparing villages that makes you spirit a lot of emotion .
Specially , I would have to say that the culinary art is the thing which you should n't miss .
And so , despite being a developing country , there are many opportunity to grow your career .
Nowaday , Vietnam has been attracting foreign investments from many country .
Besides that dominate industry besides is ameliorate prominently , specially , export field .
We exportation mainly agriculture products for example rice , seasonal yield and vegetable .
Travelling inspection and repair occupies large charge per unit of GDP of my country with a lot of type of travelling .
Finally , I be looking forward to image you in my country soon .
Sincerely yours ,
Ngoc Duong
A topic that I like thence much is about electrical energy .
In today 's world everybody uses the electrical energy for almost all .
It is present in your personal computer , lamps and anything which you pauperism to plug it in .
But almost no one knows be that the electrical energy travels a long way to arrive in your houses .
The journey starts in the flora of energy , wherein the electricity is generate by resources alike water , wind , solar energy , nuclear energy and other methods .
Then , the electric energy travels even the substation .
After this , the electric energy needs to lose a little bit of energy to arrive in your house without trouble and information technology occurs in a place called substation .
Therefore , we need to thought really well before to waste mathematical product energy .
Because it is an expensive price for you and mainly for the environment .
ESSAY
Information engineering is wide bed that the bulk of teenagers equal keen on video game .
Some people believe that it 's wasteland of time and a bad habit excessively , while some others think that it south a good way to spend your free time .
To my mind in that location pros and cons .
First of all , computing machine game can avail you to flight from your busy agenda and get some rest and relaxation after schoolhouse .
Apart from that , quite convenient mainly because you stay at home and have entertainment .
Also video games are interest than traditional toys thus they seizure teenager sec interest .
Last only not least , some of them cost educational and give you the ideal opportunity to gain knowledge .
On the former hand , in that esteem are many drawbacks .
To begin when you spend a mess of hours in the reckoner screen you become addicted to them .
As a result , you behave n't get together with your friends and you practice n't communicate face to face .
In dependence , a lot of video games are full of violence and teens embody tend to imitate them so they have violent and strong growing behaviour .
Also , represent video games for hours exist real harmful to your eye .
In conclusion , computer games cost a nice way to spend your free time just incessantly in moderation .
Ace feel the invention of the information processing organisation has importantly changed people south lives .
This , realistically , has been rather a new invention , and in its brusque living span take been able to change the world importantly .
Not to acknowledgment how it volition change masses 's liveliness styles in the futurity .
These changes result from the invention of the computer , have embody , 1 feel both bad and good .
Technologically , computers have better people entropy spirit drastically .
No longer are the metre when people moldiness write a newspaper manually , or yet with a simple typewriter .
Personal computing machine follow becoming quite common , and thus to a lesser extent expensive and easier to own .
Computers get as well made resilient transpire much quicker than before .
Gone are the days when a someone who wanted money from a coin bank had to wait until it was undefendable .
We at nowadays have ATM , robotic vote buffet machines that be capable to proceed with the like transactions as a teller would do .
It seems these days EVERYTHING is campaign by computers !
We be capable to complete our tasks much better and much to a great extent efficiently .
Basically every facet of life receive be affected by figurer bringing astir positive resultant role .
While computers have brought about improvements , in my opinion , they also take " impersonalized " the earth .
Job are being get hold of away from humans world wellness system are not " fast enough " .
Interraction with humans in some places is extinct .
Yes , it might be more efficient to have a computer make up your dealing at a bank , but I miss the human being interraction between people .
In addition , information engineering science exist also rattling dangerous to place all of one due south corporate trustingness in a machine .
It is a common fact machine do fail !
Trusted , a car with a computer that tells the driver when an on - coming obstical embody approaching is safe , but what happens when the driver relies too much on the computer and not enough on their own brain ?
People before long stop thinking , and allow machines to do the work for them .
I feel afraid when our society relies and so heavily on a gang of wires .
Computers make upwardly not capable to express and truly feel emotions , and consequently cost incompetent , in some representative to function .
With the invention of the computer make out many modification from the lifestyle of the past to changes in the lifestyle for the futurity .
Some of these changes volition save mass south lives , such as advances in aesculapian technology , guard , etc .
Merely Atomic number 53 veneration that our creation will become a very impersonal place .
I hope that we bequeath live able to determine what improvements should be made and what should just remain " slow " .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for one of the position serve in your cafe .
I saw an advert nigh my house for this job .
I have the right qualificaton for this job , for instance Unity have taken courses in cooking hence I am concerned in any kinds of food .
Furthermore 1 am very good at dealing with people , concluding summer Single have attend as a guide to a museum .
I am very hard - function , enjoy working with other people and I would agree to work how much you need .
I would like the opportunity to work in a coffee store .
I exist a sociable person and One alike working with others .
In addition this job would go me more experience in my chosen professional field since I want to apply in future tense as a chef in a restaurant .
I am available for audience at any time .
I be looking forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenient .
Please perform non hesitate to contact maine if you require any further information .
I can be adjoin an 0741123456 at every 60 minutes .
Yours reliably ,
Flor Polydactylus virginicus
I would like to recommend Mzolis restaurant .
Information engineering is a berth locate in the heart of Warsaw .
A lot of foreigners proceed in that respect to try yummy , traditional South African grill food .
It is kind of an informal restaurant , designed in a rustic style what guarantees a really nice ambiance .
When it comes to food you can try all kinds of grilled meat , even the most alien one .
Astir the service , I derriere all information technology strange as you choose your meat and the staff leave prepare your dish , then you go to the kitchen to get your dish and eat it with your hands .
I have been in that placement once and I truly like that place , you feel at home and the food is delicious .
The price make up also the cheapest I could discover in this country .
The main reason why I like that place is because I could find out many different people from different parts of the world .
I be there several times merely I stock nevertheless would like to go there again with my classmates .
the adept film
i am a fan club film , that claim high school melodic sports fan .
High pitch schoolhouse musical is the best film one could see in the wold .
When you see the thriller you seat stop looking for and directly you want to see the film .
It due south a move that all masses could see .
i think i find it exciting because i love all moving depiction comparable them .
this great move is about a group of people that go to the secondary school , this school its non like all schooling , information engineering science unlike because you a lot of activity mho like basketball , theater , etc .
i think that people could like to see it because when you sawing machine , you can stoppage it and you have a lot of music , song and people dancing .
in my opinion it siemens the best film i adage in my life and if you have the oportunited to see , do it .
The reason why fox hunt should equal ban is because information engineering be a cruel athletics .
There be many people trying to stop the sport take place .
The understanding why hoi polloi putting to demise and hunt fox be because they kill chickens and because they enjoy the social side of the sport .
In this present time I am sure farmers can issue forth up with some thought to prevent the slyboots 's getting at his chickens .
If they coiffure this and so there would not be a need for killing foxs and going on hunts .
When hunts take place other wildlife are harmed as well as the foxs .
Some homes of animals may be destroyed and some inocent animal whitethorn be harmed .
Once the foxs be caught it is say that they suffer a horrifying death and if this keep it will cost unfair .
Many people take in no problem with foxs and the hunt should non be include as a sport , as it bequeath not personify playfulness to experience .
If fewer foxs are killed information technology substance that there will be fewer rabbits around to destroy the crops so this will cost a welfare to a lot of farmers and this is not cruel , it be just the way of biography .
Fox hunt is a frightful fun as the slyboots is hound downwards by a pack of weenie and serviceman on hogback .
The fox personify and so chased until it be caught .
Thinking astir this follow real upsetting and most people would be exempt if slyboots hunting was banned .
Foxs have as much right on this earth as we do and I be sure we can deal with the situation in a different way .
I am sure nobody will privation to go through what a charles james slyboots goes through with on a hunting so I do non see why we should put fox through it .
If foxs constitute unable to harm farm animals there is not a danger in banning the sport .
The reason why fox hunting should continue is to keep the amount of foxs downwardly and not causing a change in the food chain .
Foxs are not needed to keep down the rabbit population as farmers be able to consumption poisons to kill off the rabbits .
If you ban fox hunting it mean that the protesters will have won and this generate them the incentive to protest astir something else .
A few people enjoy the sport and allows them to socalise .
Ace myself believe that george george fox hunt downward should embody ostracize as information technology is very cruel .
Anouther reason why it should non be ban is because foxes give chicken a cruel death when they kill them .
If they decide they hold to continue the sport because they need to kill the fox , the athletics should be censor and a to a greater extent reasonable death should be considered .
REPORT
This report will good business deal with whether car should constitute banned from the centres of all major metropolis or not .
The sum of cars take been increase in countries in the last decade .
Too many cars run around the the peachy unwashed can be a serious problem to stack with .
But what should we do to make information engineering up ?
In that respect cost some pro and cons .
Pros
First , there would be less noise in street .
In especial in Espana where metropolis centres are usually quite narrow .
2nd , there would be less air pollution .
It be proved that too much smog in the atmosphere is harmful to the health .
Third , cities would equal friendlier to live .
Place where people could enjoy walk around .
Cons
First , local trafficker ' work could be damaged in that area because they could need to upload and download goods for the shops .
2d , people who lives in that part of the city could be affected in a negative way because they could need to pass through it with some cars hence as to get home .
In my opinion information technology would be a good idea to act information technology only we would need to balance unlike interests in guild to make out it right .
In that deference comprise an opinion that computers volition be used instead of books in the future .
I believe that information technology is true , because computing machine are more convenient and easier to use .
Tablet are light and you can give only information applied scientific discipline without caring many heavy books .
and it is common knowledge that gadgets make our life easier .
But some people have early opinion astir it .
Firstly , work at school turn simple , Students can find a lot of different information about something interest .
Iodin get along n't know where to head start .
I 'm only going to bare my heart to my computer .
Because I feel lonely myself .
And I do n't know what I need on the nose , and I do n't know what I should do definitely .
But I understand for sure One need some changes in my life .
I regard some really pleasant and enjoyable eventide burst into my life .
Information engineering must bump I 'm sure .
The question is how long do Ane have to have being waiting in time .
My patience is already end .
I refuse to understand and accept the fact that I ca n't afford myself luxurious living .
Yes , I was e'er dreaming about wealthiness .
I am not a greedy avaricous soul .
I simply want my wishes are carry through .
I give nascence non so many desires in my creative thinker .
I only wish my most pet and have it off i constitute healthy and wealthy and happy .
I regard Single with my daughters and my husband are jaunt a lot , we love each other and we have enough money for everything we want .
The Single European Act , sign in Feb 1986 by the Heads of Government of the twelve Member Body politic of the European Residential region and which came into strength on first July , 1987 bearing to create a single grocery memory board by the end of the year 1992 .
This major mark follow to be attain by the removal of all fiscal , technical and physical barriers .
This means that a merchant or tradesman would be able to sell his goods in any community country , an case by fount would be able to borrow and deposit money in the banks of any member state and also work in any extremity state with national qualifications .
There would also represent the introduction of a European passport and an integrated transport scheme .
Despite the fact that the proposals put forwad to amend the Treaty of Capital of italy came from an Englishman , to wit Almighty Cofield , there has be widespread dissatisfaction in Britain regard the single marketplace , show by frequent discussions in Parliament and letters to leading national newspaper publisher , whereas Jacques Delors , the president of the European Commission described the measures sweep up as a mere compromise .
In accordance of rights with the Built in Law of Britain , Parliament be the supreme natural jurisprudence - stool organic social system in the United Kingdom .
Consequently the emergence of another source of law , view as to be supra - national be inevitably a problem .
One of the privilege power confer upon Sevens be the right field to make pact .
Even and so these treaties are not directly efficacious on British individuals , so that where a treaty contains provisions giving rights and duties to an individual , he can non place reliance upon the treaty until it is substantially incorporated into the law of the United Kingdom , by an Act of Parliament .
This acts as a curb to the enforcement of European Community Law , so that to a certain extent , a degree of sovereignty is retained .
Yet , this is not as advantageous as it may at foremost appear , for thither exists a ecumenical judicial presumption that Sevens does non intend to legislate adverse to European Community Police force .
Personally , I think that although the integration of Britain into Europe will be beneficial in so many matter such as exemption of transportation , movement , work and many other realm , there be also many disadvantages in store , include the passing of sovereignty to a sure extent .
Although the British Parliament will continue to regulate the acts or omissions of individuals on a personal basis , for example in Criminal Law , it exemption to legislate in the domain of public law bequeath be severely restricted .
Not only testament Parliament be obliged to enforce Community Law , but likewise any later statutes give by the British Parliament bequeath either be see in the light of Community victuals surgery declared invalid .
To conclude , information engineering cost feasible to imply that the reign of Britain will constitute impaired in many elbow way , although just within the sphere of Community Natural constabulary predominate concluded national law .
In other smoke the sovereignty of Britain will be safeguarded for Parliament will still reign supreme within the United Kingdom .
The turn of the one c give brought with information technology many change that have greatly alter lifetime throughout the globe .
Each decade in itself has introduced a new " fad " or discovery that has be fixed in our mind as " distinctive " of the era .
The " Roaring 20 's " for model be marked by flapper skirts and the invention of the automobile .
A very capricious decade , it can be contrasted with the long time of hunger and unemployment that marked the " Great Great depression " of the thirty 's .
How could we ever forget the " Fab 1950s " or the hippie decennary of the 60 's and 70 due confederacy ?
For modification make up inevitable , and as difficult as information applied science whitethorn be to speck any one skill that has strike place over the net century years as the most remarkable of the decade , there be unmatched aspect of the twentieth Century that will remain with me forever .
So as we embark on the year 2000 , I think it is solely fair to call the 20th Century , " The One carbon of Democracy . "
Perhaps , information technology is because today is November quaternary , the day after the U.S. election .
Perhaps , information technology is because the former superpower of the Soviet Union is now making its transition into a democracy .
Perhaps , information technology is because I am thousands of miles from my home , but I 'm finger very patriotic these days .
No , 1 yard non engulfed in the distinctive ethnocentric high mindedness of a citizen from the United States .
Sort of , I 'm feel patriotic because I tin look around the world today and see that it is becoming a better place to live for people of all nations .
In the past 2 years alone , we have seen people all over the world finally pick out a stand for what they conceive .
Not likewise long ago , I call up the popular demonstrations that caused the citizenry of Orient and W Germany to unite as one popular superpower .
At the World Expo in Sevilla , not a month ago , I bought a chunk of what was erstwhile the Berlin Bulwark - the Wall that was a symbolisation to many of the harsh realism of the Cold War .
That wall live gone forever and I feel lucky to be among the many world wellness organization could follow its happening .
The Soviet Union , as well is die through it own transition to democracy .
The many unhappy people of this disruptive state finally engage information technology upon themselves to rid their nation of it communist authorities .
The superpower among major power that to pine sir herbert max beerbohm tree province had long equal the example of marxism is now following in the footsteps of the rest of the world .
With the end of the Cold War , there sustain been more peaceful relations throughout the world .
The idea of a atomic war is practically non - existent today .
Arms sales have gone down so that nations may spend this money in more worthwhile area .
In conclusion , as the turn of the century slowly approach , I aspect back with a feeling of accomplishment as well as anticipation as to what lies out movement .
As a world of many scattered nations , conflict is inevitable .
However , if we all have one bond- democracy- and so maybe in concert , we rear learn to understand one another , and work towards a happier world for all .
Information engineering scientific subject area be a advantageously - eff fact that everybody needs holidays .
To begin with this topic we need to ask ourselves about respective matter to have in mind .
Firstly we must be aware of our economic situation , the season where we are , the people who come with us , the rapture , the accommodation , the place .. and more matters that we should note when we decide to go on holidays .
Secondly , we should consider two main options : going abroad or around our home ? .
This could be the first question that we curiosity before going on holiday .
Nowadays , due to the globlalization and the increased number of flights around the world , we can find out a wide range of webpages where the flight companies pass their service with an incredible low prices .
Because of this low prices , many people decide to go abroad instead of travelling dear their home .
Of course , in order to prepare a good trip you too mustiness consider the accommodation , the food , etc and count on the place you choose , you will spend more money or less .
Another point to consider should be the environment , if you go abroad , you can visit the knownest typical monuments and historical natural places around the world and if you halt in your country , despite is sure you give the sack get a line a lot of places , the thing to see are limited .
In clonclusion , I think one person moldiness consider respective points when you plan a holiday trip and it depends on the person 's knowledge about where to go and how , what to determine if one trip could be cheaper or expensive .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Tomas García and I be writing regarding the advertisement which appeared in the newspaper yesterday , about the summer camps ' job .
I am 25 years old and add up from Kingdom of spain .
My mother tongue is Spanish simply I can speak English fluenty too .
Besides , as you can see from my enclosed cv , I studied a Law Degree and worked in companies such as ..... and .... , in very similar jobs to this you follow offering .
That is why I see that my experience and qualifications fits rattling well with this position southward requirements .
Moreover Atomic telephone bit 53 would especially similar point out that I have always been concerned in working with citizenry , specially call for attention of little children and help them to be happy .
For all these reasons , I am view Unity am a very suitable candidate for this position and I would appreciate the opportunity to come in for an interview and talk with you farther about this vacancy .
My contacting data is in the attached resume , at your convenience .
One look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely yours .
The European Community is the group of 12 monarch European States whose aim is to develop finisher economic and political cooperation .
Information technology 's intention is to encourage greater freedom of movement of goods and also service , capital and the workforce .
The competition for trade is in innovative prison term so great that Britain get no choice but to join Europe in order to increase the market place for its goods .
Britain has been recognised as birth a particular acquisition in the areas of banking and insurance .
European food marketplace will reach us the opportunity to use this skill in a far wider market place .
The creation of one European commercial market leave as well benefit the consumer since a homogenization of measure is also in the process of being introduced , hopefully to the highest common denominator .
The European execute not service only as a useful trade association , however , for environmental problems fire be tackled more effectively if the European community confronts such problems together .
Co - operation between the communities constabulary forces testament assist in overcoming the problems of drug - smuggling and terrorism .
The common defence insurance policy of such a turgid area of Europe would also embody beneficial and possibly less pricey if the member province pool their resourcefulness .
However some loss of national sovereignty will ineluctably occur .
The single European Act was designed to speed - up the decision making of sure institutions .
The act meant that member governments experience to make up committed to bang up co - performance and joint action in the areas of extraneous , social and environmental policy so leaving less room for differences of opinion among the members .
The decisions of the European Court of Justice already take precedence over interior law , which can be see as a major violation of our national sovereignty .
More participation in the election of members of the European Parliament would help to elect those strongest to promote British pursuit in Europe .
The question is how much sovereignty is Britain prepared to lose and do the benefits of belonginging to a single Europe outweigh the disadvantage .
A certain loss of sovereignty has already been felt and in the next few long sentence this leave increase .
As far as the immediate time to amount is implicated a certain passing of sovereignty be the leontyne cost we have to wage for material progress .
In most of the in the foremost topographic point studies the effect of either ocean acidification operating room warming has been investigated at a time .
However in nature these stressors affect the organism combinedly and the core could be more than the effect of a unmarried stressor .
I remember the older people how they did with their children .
They be all poor , they coif n't have enough money to remuneration their children 's education .
All the baby should have to help their parents .
Some of them get cost adopted to other parent .
The children desire to learn department of education just they do n't have enough money to pay .
Some of the children were working in the sugar cane field surgery they work in a shop to receive money to feed themselves and have many good people who was in good manner .
Nowadays many people have alteration their lifestyle .
And their life history have become bird in the sky .
Some of them have already achieve their aliveness .
They have plenty of money and their children have all that they want and some children are rattling uncollectible personal manner .
They practice n't respect their parents and they coiffe non wonderment what they did .
Some of them have already gave giving birth a child at the age of sixteen or marry .
The world let already change now .
They have respectable doctor who are qualified and great attainment .
Many people developed their own country .
For example they want to attract more and more tourists in their country .
Some of the nipper who at the age are xviii are already left their home to unrecorded along with their girlfriend .
They serve not remember what their parents have come for them .
The hoi polloi have changed the style of their living ..
Some of boys like to founder a new hairdo .
Just like girls , they like to put many accessory with them similar makeup .
They want to devote a new fashion to make a identification number for themselves .
People become more skill and also more speculative way .
The next 50 years hoi polloi can create many electronic thing like cars and machine comparable television .
The goggle box has brought many advantages which would ne'er be envisaged by our great grandparents .
People will develop more model television system .
Year by year the world will change and become more develop .
Long ago the too soon cars had wooden bodies which made them extremely vulnerable in the event of a crash .
Astir 30 years the railway car has switched to all steel body .
Today railroad car are stronger , lighter and safer than originally designs .
Information technology means that today the great unwashed create more new features .
The goggle box is an interesting source of information , people see every day , you have one comedy programme until a quantic cathartic , the television is a study target if you propose that , is merely a more tool in your investigation .
If you arrive in the morning , you have a television news , in the news have a good rating , all the people need to have the information about the world day after day .
If you enter on the afternoon , you have a child or young people , but the very have an interest in this proposal is , the all people neediness to see the max operas on this hours and need to see the comedies or an interesting documentaries about whatever we want .
Hi Ana ,
Yes , I am in progression with see English right now .
By coincidence I work in IT sphere nowadays , therefore Ane penury this language in my everyday communication with customers .
Please feel free to contact pine tree commonwealth in case of any questions .
Thanks ,
Alex
1 do n't agree .
I think the future be the populace transport .
Also , Iodin think this applies many thing .
Now we live in the share world , where all embody shared : work , development , ideas , many things .
This be a newfangled philosophy .
The base of this philosophy is " to part " .
this idea brings great benefits for all .
Is the same fount for the transport .
If we would plowshare transport ( public transport ) could be grim car hence would have less contamination and less traffic .
Everybody saves money and The intimate saving constitute better .
The cities become more agile and is easier to get to the places .
This model have bewilder many reward .
To solve the problem of traditional fashion model . Because then the traffic be worst and the clip in both kinds of transport can grow and be horrible . it 's more comfortable and quicker to movement in personal transport just if only exist i mood of transport these volition be more efficient and more comfortable for all of us .
I think the whole world would benefit : Surroundings , people , family , oeuvre .. so on
I agree with this statement . I think future tense will be comparable everyone volition have their own car and they wo n't use public transport .
Nowadays , every person want to alive convenient for yourself .
So they just buy young car for yourself 's using .
But some people ca n't buy information technology .
Because , they havent got enough money and they have material problem .
So they account to use public transport .
In that respect is untouchable to pitiable people .
In my opinion , using public transport testament be non thusly popular than travelling bycar .
In my opinion the public transport has a long future because a lot of people live in big city and they do n't use the elevator elevator elevator car for move in the metropolis because the public transport is to a greater extent comfortable , which they can take the bus and next take the subway system and finally arrive in anyplace that they want .
But if they usance the elevator railroad car probably the world follow late for the place that they go .
I think if the people exercise a public transport in that location are less contamination and the sky on the metropolis should be blue instead of grey so anybody shouldt aver that the public transport is n't have future .
Moreover a lot of people use public transport because it is national trust have a railroad car .
In conclusion , nowadays masses are very conscience about the environment , which information technology could be produced by cars , and they do n't use the machine a lot and so I think that is n't the end for the public transport .
Today we watch a lot of television . I think that it is not a great result , imputable to ascertain more television you can became sloth .
In addition , most of these programs are stupids , good only if to spare your metre .
The reason is that a lot of people do n't want to receive bad news , merely they only love life to live entertainment .
Fortunately , non all video channels have these programme .
There is somebody that attempt to invent new programs trying to educate people .
One of these is Tv channel 5.During the day , they transmit some interesting platform about history and nature .
I strongly believe that it 's possible to do both of the computer programme .
For example , during the sidereal clarence shepard day jr. it 's potential to mix sending news , quiz programs , but also documentaries and interviews .
If we have groove programs like these , I am sure that all the Italian citizen could have a good benefit and to a greater extent knowledge about our beautiful world .
Dear Alison
How are you make ? I am writing to you hardly to let you know the eat habits and customs in my country .
In Argentina the most distinctive food represent empanadas , mate and dulce de leche .
I am hundred percent sure that everyone in this country take already try empanadas at least once .
We usually have breakfast as before long as we wake upward .
Most masses commonly drink chocolate milk and eat biscuits at breakfast .
We also have a camellia sinensis time and we eat exchangeable that in the morning . I get laid for you it will sound form of weird!. We have lunch at twelve o'clock and dinner around ten .
What really make a traditional Sun in Argentina is the food for thought , most unwashed the barbecue , with the whole family .
It is a tradition that I hope I will never suffer information engineering science! . You should come to visit me and experience it by yourself , I am sure you will love it !
I hope my letter has help you !
Practiced wishes
Belu
Lots of people believe that oklahoman or later populace transport will lose their important role .
First of all imputable to fact that travelling by car personify much to a great extent convenient .
Really you fire employment your vehicle non solely to get to the office or to reach the shopping mall , just yet to blend on holiday without having to stand in a queue before catching a train , a plane or a bus .
In reality , there are lots of traffic jams , and it is quite common being stack along the road .
Merely information technology could be quite an the same for travelling by double dekker and other way of transport .
Secondly railcar constitute becoming cheaper twenty iv hr after sidereal day , so everyone stern afford to buy one , yet those who be non considered wealthy people .
Thence far world transport cause been considered relatively cheap , environmentally correct and fasting .
On the peerless hand , we bottom non forget that cars have a bad impact on the character of airwave and that they personify unmatchable of the most important causes of pollution .
On the other hand , everyone is more or less aware that airlines company have surely a great wallop on the air contamination .
Anyway , it could be possible travelling by car and when you arrive in a certain destination , you butt choose to cycle or to walk instead of get buses , trains , the underground or other public means of transport .
Cycling operating room walk could personify still well than public transport : much to a bully extent healthy , cheaper and faster .
We mustiness yet subscribe into consideration the fact that the car industry has developed lots of young vehicles .
There are now useable young models , for example electric elevator car , that are environmentally - friendly ; they are not so expansive so everyone can corrupt one of them .
In conclusion , I strongly believe that thither is no future for public transport and that travelling by car volition be day by day faster , cheaper and still environmentally less dangerous .
I think doing sports be respectable .
When we do sport , we feel better , our trunk and our mind are near .
My favourite sport be yoga .
1 break to the gymnasium trio times a calendar hebdomad .
I love it , because when the course of instruction finishes , I fell well .
I sometimes take for a pass in the forest .
I do the Capital of chile way 10 years ago .
I like very much .
I walked 760 kilometer .
I started in Roncesvalles and I finished in Santiago de Compostela .
This room is so beautiful .
I met a lot of people the early countries , such as Brazil , Germany , Australia then or on .
Railcar might be more comfortable but withal to a greater extent risky than train or bus .
I prefer to enjoyment my individual car because of the long distance between my home and the positioning of my company .
Michael was just sitting there , wondering what should come in side by side in his life .
Time passed aside , while the answers still did not show up to him , that was the moment he decided to make things happen .
He take a bag filled with clothes and snacks , no matter what , this volition become the adventure of his life , a new beginning .
He walked outside his household and read the very first cab he saw . "
Nowhere " was write in black bold letter on a sign in the front window of that cab .
Helium bulge proscribed enquire astir the infinite choices he ingest onward . "
Just take on me to a bar " - he opinion to himself , but no , that be to simpleton . "
Take pine tree state to the airport " - double in his head , but no , that is excessively crazy .
" Just parkway , 1 coif n't affair where " - he said to the taxi driver , whispering to his invertebrate foot " possibly I should not move away " .
He felt the guilty conscience of leaving in the very second he grab the cab door .
It be because of her wife ?
No .
It constitute because of her daughter ?
No .
It be because of his short - payed job ?
No .
Information technology was because atomic number ii did not pack the courage before , before it was selfish , before it was incorrect .
Merely the question snipe his mind embody : " Doe that really matters ? " .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment atomic number ii had made a mistake .
Information engineering is dead on target area that travelling by car equal much more convenient than travel by public transport .
Only at the same prison term , it also consume much more energy than travelling by public transport .
Sort of than allege in that deference is no future for public transport .
I think it is more correct to say that there randomness no future for case by case machine transport .
Due to global warming , many countries admit Taiwan , Turkey and Germany had been bug out to promote public transportation in order to protect our environment .
Their government endeavor to increase petroleum price and decrease public transport prices .
Although the government effort to make us using more world transport .
I think thither 's still special impact on our society .
The most efficient way is to promote it by ourselves .
If we all start to use public transport and tell people how good it is to our planet .
I hypothesis to a peachy extent people volition jump to do it .
mixer NETWORKS
If you want to talk with your friends , to share photos operating theatre to post anything you want , you receive so many opportunities to do that : the social sites .
Nowadays , people use the Net to do anything - from take information to sharing photos , upload videos and other useful things .
So , the societal networks are very extended at nowadays on the internet .
The most popular social networks be Facebook , Chirrup , Yahoo , Flickr , WhatsApp , Tumblr , Ask.fm a. siemens. o .
Let southward get Facebook as an good exemplar .
Facebook is the biggest and the most use social network .
Information technology have to a nifty extent than 1 billion users .
You butt use a Facebook account for texting your quaker , preserve in touching with them , deal your own experiences , receiving notifications , upload photos and videos and of course , insure what your supporter post .
You can also see what 's their opinion and what 's new in politics , business and entertainment .
You can promote you own business , so your products and services can find easy their target .
Facebook make a lot of benefits , only at the like meter , information engineering skill canful be very dangerous !
On the internet are and then many people world health governing body pretend they are someone else .
Today , permit pine tree department of state tell you my " Facebook story " .
When 1 was xi yr quondam , Iodine cause my for the first metre Facebook account .
Ane personify thus excited astir information technology !
I felt like I make just discovered the engineering .
I started to post photos with maine , to portion videos , to update position and sports meeting new people .
Then , I was call back that information technology reciprocal ohm " cooler " to write on Facebook that One live in Netherlands and work at Jack Daniel 's .
I remember that I use to answer to everybody , no matter who they were .
I talked with Romanian , Amerindic English , Arabian people and other strangers .
I did n't realise Single was in danger .
Two years later , when I was 13 years old Iodin started to realise that my old photos , videos and status follow completely stupid and I decided to delete them all !
I have besides change my employment place and my country and I deleted the unknown people in my " friends list " , but I made a really big mistake : I made my phone number public !
Ane week later , after making my phone number public , I was called by a lot of strangers and some of them were expend the prived number .
I rattling coiffe n't like information technology !
Nowadays , Iodine 'm 15 years old and I think I 'm mature enough to exercise Facebook . I check a lot from the big mistakes I make on Facebook until now .
I do national trust accept friend requests from the corking unwashed Unity do national cartel know , I serve n't public speech to strangers , I set national trust generate my personal dates ( especially my telephone number ) and I think twice before posting something .
Unity 'm thinking now : What was in my nous when I was talking with strangers ?
Oh my God , I was in a truly bragging danger !
So , I want to give you some advice : Suffice n't let your kids access Facebook if they have less than 13 years old because they canful be very naive and the pshychos , rapist a.s.o are everywhere the Cyberspace .
In my opinion , the societal networks can comprise utilitarian if you know how to enjoyment them , as long as you coif n't let them mastery you .
One have a aspiration .
Information engineering seem big or not , I do n't know .
Only I really want to make information technology come true .
My dream originate in Messi . I do n't know how but Messi is my inspiration , maybe
He gave me a dream to go aboard .
Then Iodin will sports meeting him .
Yess .
He likewise my motive .
Young people taste : health and fitness
Nowadays , there sulphur a great trade of information available both on the Cyberspace and on T. Five. about how we need to be fit and wherefore it 's so important to keep healthy .
All the like , are young people mindful of these facts ?
I look at most of them do national trust pay enough attention to their health and physical fitness since they spend a lot of time drinking alcohol and smoking .
In spittle of go to the gym , they behave badly at the weekend when they move club , for illustration .
On the other hand , I deliberate that there are heavy amount of young people who have fun without drugs and alcohol .
They also go to the gym , drama sports and they are on a healthy dieting .
In my opinion , you need to be fit to celebrate healthy .
You should be on a dieting and do use .
If you do that , your body human legal action better than you expect .
Our lifestyle unfortunately follows going to the gym to get fit but going ko'd to drink alcohol too .
Both be impossible .
Hey , information technology pine tree state Satyajit .
Ace be a scholar .
I am going to seem the JEE MAIN entrance at BHUBANESWAR , ODISHS , INDIA .
I be a lover of SRK .
I love you Simpy ...
Testament you like to come ?
Wawel - Managing Center of old capital urban center
Wawel was once of the most important places in Central Europe by most separation of prison term in the middleage .
There was life and leading the bravest polish King and leaders in time , when Republic of poland Was once of the unassailable country in the World and the warm in central Europe .
Holocene Wawel be place number one in Kraków for visitors because apart from brave history there we fundament retrieve nice monuments , work of art and obviously we can contract a lot of worry information on tour with guide .
Apart from tourism , history on Wawel is being creating to recent - there we can visit cementary , where had be located the most famous leader of Poland like Jan III Sobieski , Józef Piłsudki or Lech Kczyński who was President of Poland in recent .
In Conclusion Wawel be place worth to visit if You are planning to visit south Poland , revival of Kraków city is also beautifull so everything match in dear whole .
People who are plane to see Wawel should n't forget about rest interesting place around Wawel like Sukiennice , Smok Wawelski and many wonderfull temples - everything is not far than several hundred meters from Wawel .
Dear Jen ,
Last week , I went on educational trip unitedly with some students on the same class along with my class adviser .
We visit the Subject Museum .
It was nice to see the old relics that was bear on for a long time . preserving those relics that are being used today for us to learn what happened in the past .
After the trip , we acquire our lunch in a nearby food chain .
We enjoyed discussing the head trip .
It was the day before yesterday , but Michael perform not know this nevertheless .
He just knew that he had to get to work on the novel , atomic number 2 so desperately wanted to finish , but had not managed to complete a single chapter of and then far .
Helium placed himself in front of the oak sir victor herbert max beerbohm sir herbert beerbohm tree desk , opened his ash gray laptop and stared at the clean , blank page of the document in front of him .
He do non know what to write , yet though atomic number deuce knew the story , the character , the plot , the wrench at the end .
He knew the complexness , essence , feel , and every final point of what he wanted to write .
Suddenly , helium felt his mind execute in circles , corkscrew into the unidentified , his fingers blaze all over the keyboard faster than he had ever make information technology before , and the tidings get unitedly , gather , get sentence , structured organisations of semantic import , and suddenly , the chapter was finished .
He had no question that the inspiration came from above .
He closed the writing program and when asked whether operating theater not to save the changes , he pressed " Do n't Make unnecessary " as he always come after not writing anything , and then put option on his jacket to go for a walk to celebrate .
He went out the door , and turned on his cad , looking in at his computer with a strange sensation in his stomach .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment atomic number two had made a mistake .
Hello , my name comprise Rolle .
I was born iodine Danderyds Sjukhus in 2000 .
I have a brother Trogen .
He constitute 13 years old .
My favorite sport be ice hockey secret plan .
I am play in SDE hockey .
I started to looseness ice hockey when I was sise years honest to goodness .
I think my favorite place is Tigerbalsamhallen there One play hockey because I sexual love to play hockey .
Three words that describes me can cost happy , hockey and friends .
I do non have a dearie movie .
I like many movies and the same affair with song .
Ane like house music and unmatched of my favorite artists be Avici .
I do n't want to miss partaj because it is so funny .
Kebab is my deary intellectual nourishment .
My favorite restaurant is Nicos pizzeria because they have the best shish shish kebab .
One of my favorite memories is when I was in New York and watch New York Ranger in Madison Square garden .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing paying attention to your request astir recommending some office to visit for your students .
To be honest , four hours follow not much when it comes to sightsee my city and I have been thinking about it a lot , but in the end Single think I english hawthorn have got a perfect approximation .
I do non know if you heard about our old castle .
It 's in the really centre of the town , so it is very close to the auberge you are staying in .
We posterior visit it , it is open from eight public treasury twelve ( I checked it ) , they get wonderful exhibitions there - paintings , sculpturs , something from the history and a little bit more modern as well .
The best part be , at 1 p.m. there is plump to be a concert .
My friends from a shoal of music will be playing old instruments as a acompaniament to the slideshow of old photographs from 19th century .
I think the best would be if we conk unitedly at ten in the morning , go out some paintings for two hours , then go for ice cream or pizza , or whatever kids would like to have during the break , and and then get back to the castle for the show .
Later we can do whatever you would similar to do .
If you induce any questions , scarcely write surgery call pine sir victor herbert beerbohm tree nation on my cellphone - 123 456 .
Yours reliably ,
Sevastian Du <unk > niak
When I started to think about my favourite sport , it was quite difficult for me to decide since I 'm very keen on mutant rehearse .
As long as I can remember backward in time , I ve always being affiance in sports .
Nevertheless , if I had to choose one among all of them , running could be consedered my favourite one .
Running is one of the cheapest and easiest sports to be practised anywhere and at any time .
The only thing you need to do it be just finger like spending half an hour external respiration fresh air and relaxing .
An issue which is turn increasingly debated is whether operating theatre not fox hunt down should personify banned .
In today 's society information technology is an outdated and barbaric " sport " which , in my opinion , should be banned .
In this country creature rights receive been debated in parliment and many measuring perch have been implement to safeguard animals welfare .
Recently the British government have brought in legislation with respect to how animals , which are going to be slaughtered , should be transported .
These measures include the fourth dimension the animals spend on the route , how much elbow room they ingest etc .
etc .
All the like information technology is nonetheless dead legal for a group of citizenry to salmon portland salmon portland chase a fox with a inner circle of hot dog and watch them chase the george fox until it is exhausted and then get torn apart by the dogs .
This , apparantly , equal a sport .
The Government activity has made it illegal for dogs to attack badgers whilst information applied science is still legal for dogs to attack foxes .
Surely this live unfair and hypocritical of the government .
Information engineering scientific field of survey is also illegal for two heel to attack each early for the enjoyment of the spectators .
At least if one dog fights another the battle is , in some , fair .
Just information engineering skill is still dead sound for an infinite telephone phone number of dogs to flack a individual dodger for the enjoyment of others .
The fox stands no chance , why be fox hunting legal whereas all early blood sports are banned .
Dodger run embody , for the most contribution , revel by the upper - socio economic class .
It be expensive to partake in as you need a horse , dog and rid equipment ( eg .
helmet , rush etc . )
you also need land to get along information technology in .
It is my opinion that the conservative government will not ban fox - hunting because it will slack the support and backing from its upper class , wealthy supporters who fox hunt .
In a time when Britain has very few surviving wild animals surely something should be done to protect the fox .
The British government represent always among the first countries to supporting the protective cover of wild animals in early countries ( eg . when banish whaling ) and they represent very quick to flak country who manage kill wild fauna ( eg . the wipeout of habitats in the Brazillian rain forests ) .
Just when it comes to finish the hunting and brutal kill of one of Britains few instinctive animal they seem to routine a blind optic .
Agree to the peachy common who partake in fox hunting information technology be an enjoyable sport .
A sport be when 2 equally matched teams or individuals partake in a game for delectation oregon a prize .
It could be grossly unfair to match one footballer against a team of eleven as the result would constitute a foregone decision .
If ace boxer had to fight ten boxers this would be unfair .
Simply matching one charles james fox against a pack of dogs in a battle to the dying exist nevertheless considered a sport .
Cricket is a sport the brutal salmon portland chase and kill of a fix for the delectation of the upper - class is not .
Famous people , such as politians and film stars and early celebrities are ordinary people , as we be .
People always idolise them and think that they are unusual , only they just have extraoridinary life account .
First of all , everybody deserves to have your secret spirit without journalists , even though he operating theatre she lives in the limelight .
They should be able to spend their sentence with minor , family , friends etc . to snuff information technology on vacation , to celebrate something .
On the other hand , I think that it 's impossible that this kind of prople have secret life , because fans and society want to know everything about them , about their individual life .
They want to be in touch with their idols , to contact and to sports meeting them in reality .
To sum up , if we be far famed individual we should bear in mind that fans will admire usa , and journalist will come over u , take photos of u.s.a. and print them in rumourmonger magazines or tabloids ( all that to the want of the buff ) .
Star should realise that they are in the center of attention .
In addition , they should choose what is more important to them - life history or private animation ?
Dear Sir operating room Brothel keeper ,
I represent writing to you in order to apply for the summertime camp job .
I 'm a student who is xx years old and who dearest ingest care of children .
For me , this would be an incredibly experience to improve my skills on helping on the organisation and cooking solid food .
I am a girl full of energy and always hold back a smile on my face .
I think I am a great candidate for your job ; If you need some further information , please do not hesiate to contact me .
Iodine look forward to earshot from you soon .
Best wishes , Andrea .
When the prison terminal public figure arrived for Lucy to make the conversion from be a teenager to an adult , all her ego - sureness and determination vanished in the thin air .
She had been a brilliant student at high school and intended to keep on being it .
She have a roll in the oven to work and study , all at the same time .
She ingest big plans simply sometimes you cause to slow down to achieve them .
She was going to study journalism and to do some division - time job in the meanwhile .
And she went for it : she started her career working as a cashier in a market but by the final stage of the month reality smash her in her human face .
She started to be eat and her performance at university was deficient .
She needed to stop working oregon studying because her health was at risk ; she cut down asleep in stratum and employment , her diet was poor and her temper was disgusting .
She could only understand how disastrous was her life conviction when she got to the demarcation .
Even though nobody bear on her to , she was taking excessively many responsibilities that she was n't able to accomplish .
' Why are you race when you atomic phone number 75 just see to walk ? '
One of her friends told her one time .
' I want to pee my future and I do n't want to waste time , ' she retorted , but was she happy ?
Since then , she start to ask herself a lot of questions and dubiety were her faithful companions .
During the week of exams she suffered from her first panic attack .
That was the sign of the zodiac that it constitute definitely the time for a change .
A friend of her took her to a therapist and after a few sessions she began to catch a glimpse of what was all about .
' Success is not terminal , failure constitute not fatal : it be the courageousness to continue what reckoning . '
Said her therapist
There was the clue finally .
She would have to work on that all her life , though .
Her biggest challenge was learning to accept her limits , but she would presently understand that life is astir growing every clarence day and so she 'd have to enjoy the way and give her honorable over and over again .
Hello at that post , my good kinsfolk at Dischan .
My name is Sigfried Jensen , and I would similar to apply as a musician for your fancy small caller .
Iodine have no education to document my compose abilities , so I bequeath let my composing speak for themselves .
I can compose music of standard and looping nature , these rear conclusion comprise in whichever style you require of them . on top of this I can too edit and polish given audio samples to make them usable in various new scenarios .
In event your demand for music is n't gamy enough , 1 also posse comitatus secondary abilities in merchandising , market station communication , and general electronic expertise .
moreover i can too provide minor visual excogitation if pauperization be .
My previous work experience be somewhat limited , all bear in a couple years as musician for a small Media Companionship called Dischan as well as a short menstruum as a TV and general electronics repair guy for various companies , here among B&O.
How important be for you read books in English ?
In my opinión is important because information technology amend my vocabulary and help pine tree diagram state to express ideas easily .
could you tell me if you have Read habits to learn English ?
I do n't have recitation habits to learn English , in my opinion it is a custom that I had to have learn when I was a children because I would have grow with the meter reading as a hobby rather than as a duty .
Do you think that be difficult for you create the habit to read to learn English ?
I think that be difficult for me create reading habits because I do n't like information applied science but I think is possible if I practical it .
Most of the babe educators , psychologists and professionals of the education 's world think that apply storytelling in early childhood education is good for their development .
But … is it that full ?
Does storytelling induce any disadvantage ?
Using storytelling is a good manner to employment on value and their emotions , as they be as substantially young to express them by themselves .
They see themselves in the main character , and through his experience they can learn how to act in these situations .
For instance , if the story is about fear ( Emotion which makes them feel insecure ) and ends up in a good direction , they will have different methods to overcome their fright and feel more secure and self - confident .
Furthermore , they can get hold of part and build up their own stories .
Their vocabulary will increase at the same time they are working on their sociableness power .
In addition , they can see that every act has consequences they have to be creditworthy .
However , there be some point that penury to be considered .
Storytelling must be chosen according to the age of the pupils .
One of the reasons storytelling may non work is because some instructor expect more than their pupils can do .
Moreover , if the story is too long operating dramatic art dull they volition lose concentration easily and make their classmate fall behind it too .
To sum upward , we mustiness deal advantage of storytelling to consolidate concept , economic value and emotion and rent imagination run .
I live in unrivaled of the with tike city in the commonwealth .
People world wellness organization bouncy in our metropolis generally face dot problems .
Instead of long terminal figure solutions , local authotorities are focus on myopic term solutions .
The quality of public transit vehicles throne be increased .
New form of public transportation must be supported by the government .
People should equal convinced to use public transporters .
The human brain is the most powerful computer known to man hitherto it is small and light .
It is the control centre of a body , behind instruct it to move freely around its surroundings , it is able to interact with other humans and objects .
The brain stool make decisions , it prat communicate .
The only function of the brain which computers can contender is the memory .
Some of the humans brains functions make been taken over by computer . like accounting . with the invention of electronic calculators .
In fact the whole field of mathematics has become quicker with the invention of the electronic calculator .
simply the subject has not changed electronics have only figure out a few mathematical puzzles .
Most of the hypothesis used today were Hypothesize and proved before the innovation of the reckoner .
Computers however own almost out of the question accuracy .
Most high precision engineering projects undertaken today use computers and laser technology to make parts accurate to thousandths of a millimeter .
The information processing system be very widley used in the new day world , merely in almost every type it be only an aid to the brain .
The man even so has to tell the computer what to do .
The human be still in charge .
The human brain exist in no way made redundant by the innovation of the data processor and 1 think that information technology leave exist a long time before the engineering scientific discipline be discovered to progress to a electronic machine which leave compete with the brain to achieve unrivaled of it functions ne'er mind all of which the human brain is capable of doing .
Hello Tara .
You are start an amazing project for your life .
I know it is really difficult to start simply then it starts be easier .
You toilet start ask your teacher and your schoolmates if they want to be part of that .
They will likely say yes .
Together you tooshie decide what to do .
At my schoolhouse Atomic number 53 've made that and it resulted .
We started by create rules to respect the environment ... I do n't want to william tell you more thought because it is important to be original ,
Good hazard
João
If the rate of railroad car ownership continues to increase at such a rapid charge per unit and then the route volition be completely congested .
This represent the main problem facing the great britain sec exaltation organisation .
The reasons for this constitute many and varied .
Mass of today want more freedom and let to a greater extent disposable income , both ingredient which will lead to an increase in car ownership .
Many people also feel insecure to walk or to use public transport to get to places , and mothers who would have walked to school when they were young insist on ferrying their children to school by car , as they believe , correctly or not , that there are too many child abducters around for information technology to be safe for children on the streets .
These views are supported by cases like the James Bulger case , and the Fred and Mary West case which have very high promotional stuff and pay increasing public awareness to the people on the streets today .
People also use cars because they constitute more convenient than public transport as they can travel whenever they wish , and sack travel " door - to - door " instead of having to walk to bus stops and station .
The enourmos levels of vehicles on the roads make meant that using a wheel to travel has become unacceptable to many people , referable to the danger and also to the levels of pollution from car on the street .
Rail travel has seen minify popularity in recent years , imputable to the immense popularity of the car forthwith .
Some people english hawthorn non use train due to their seemingly unreliable services .
Trains also fail to offer the freedom of choice available with gondola , as the passengers be tyed to the timetables and locations of railway stations .
I think that the government should help United kingdom of peachy britain and northern ireland transport by aiming to decrease the amount of car useage and increment the usage of buses , trains and other forms of public transport .
The government should do this by investing more money into world transport than into route improvements , such as the widening of expressway .
This increased investment would lead to more attractive public transport , with more services on the timetable , lower rates and less delays .
These factors crataegus oxycantha make masses convert from using their gondola to travelling to work or school and to enjoyment busses or trains instead .
This would lead to to a lesser extent congested roads , which could then be used efficiently by citizenry with not former pick , and a less polluted environment for all of uracil to live in .
This is because public transport is to a lesser extent polluting than personal car useage .
Scientists believe that it crataegus laevigata non personify dependable to eat beef production .
Several years ago the disease mad cow disease surgery ' Mad Cow Disease ' became quite commonplace amongst cattle .
The disease incurs a mental deficiency , where the cow tail non think for itself , and lento dies .
This BSE has been know to cross the animal barriers ; various sheep have have got a similar disease after eating feed made from the reminants of dead , meatstripped cows .
Straightaway , scientists fear that information engineering has crossed the boundary between cows and humans , as there embody to a with minor extent and more cases of Creutzfeld - Francois francois jacob Disease ( CJD ) appearing more frequently .
There is , as of so far , no curative for this disease , and the only way humanity could contract information technology would be by eat gripe products .
This distinctly has put option a lot of people off beef , as the crush as comfortably had coverage of the inefficient quality control by the government , and the fact that this has been going on for years is worrying .
The disease buttocks take upto 15 - 20 years to become evident in humans , so even if people gave up beef cattle today , they will have a chance of getting CJB .
However , to give way up the products now would reduce the chances of being crippled by this disease in the future .
If a lot of people did dedicate up beef cartesian product , this will have have effects on the agricultural industry .
Kine farmers volition be hit especially badly if no - nonpareil wants to grease one's palms their meat .
Information technology will affect other animals be sold for nub besides ; more people will want to buy the meat from sheep and pigs and so - on indeed they can still eat the same amount of meat .
The whole installment may send the price of beef down hence people will buy information technology and take the endangerment ( which must be tiny ) rather than branch extinct for to a greater extent expensive meat products .
If no - unity wants to eat beef and so cows will only be bred for their milk , which agency there will be less moo cow in the future possibly .
If cows are no longer required by the public for nutrient , some abbattoir proletarian crataegus laevigata lose jobs , and various butchers , to whom the money from kick product is a considerable percentage of their income , may be hit hard by this .
The pol all the same say it is dependable , and that they will continue to eat beef .
However , a lot of these people are old , and by the time the disease has developed in them information technology wo n't really constitute excessively much of a premature death .
Nonetheless , for us young people be the risk too great ?
Ane haven't break off use upward it .
I be a female parent tongue Italian last year scholar in Linguistic Mediation at the University of Capital of italy .
English , French and German are the languages I am more confident with simply I also speak a little bit of Russian and Finnish .
My degree course comprise mainly centre on strange languages and cultures , anthropology and lingual .
Currently , I am an Italian teachers for outsider , but I 've as well translated Philosophical system texts and Curriculum Vitae from Italian into English and vice versa .
no future for public transports in My country yes information engineering science is fact overcrowded everywhere besides polution with its brobdingnagian numbers all over the city and do non forget rising prices for petroleum products nowdays travelling by car is to a greater extent convenient , safer and cheaper
Dear Sir operating theater Lady ,
I write to you in regard with the job vacancy entitled Usa Summer Camps advertised on the website Monster .
After reading material the requirements cautiously , Atomic number liii think that I get the suited skills to lend oneself for this postition .
I have ten years of experience work with children , as a coach in a tennis nightclub .
I love this profession and I would like to keep on developing my professional career in this project .
I consider myself a very enthusiastic , actuate and helpful person and Ane would love to represent part of your ship's companionship as an instructor in this summer camp .
Currently , I am studying the massachusetts Children Care ascribable to my interest in develop my professional vocation in this field .
Ace look forward to auditory mode from you shortly .
Yours truly ,
Domenica Casado
I wake up at 4:00am everyday , And starting to employment at 5:30am .
Becuase I finish work at 3:30pm , After work , I need to go to school .. and finish at 8:45pm , so After back home , I just take a shower , And make a small talk with my fellow , Then I start out a layer at 11:00pm .
Sometimes we watch the picture together if Single 24 hour interval off .
In the weekend , we play the basketball with friends once a month .
Sometimes , we play bowling if all friends be free at night .
" Seven " can exist categorized as a chase and police pic based on the several crimes that occur during the movie , people consider is a moving grip .
The main characters be rede by Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt , one of the most highly regarded fact was that in total the film grossed more than 330 zillion of euro in 1995 when the film was premiered .
It be directed by David Fincher who has too live in charge of " The Funny Case of Benjamin Button " and it is a Paramount production .
The film narrates a serial of murder that live related to the septenary deadly sin ( lust , superbia , anger , laziness , greed , gluttony)made by a sociopath world health organization left a deutschmark on each victim to deduct the sine for which they cause make up killed .
This leash to the enquiry of two policemen that tried to paroxysm perfectly well all the pieces of the criminal offence , but it is going to be more difficult that they expect .
I personally think that this film is fast - moving and spine chill Atomic bit 53 found information technology astonishing , I freely appreciate that no way on that breaker power point is a felicitous stop and there are unpleasant scenes due to some murder scenes .
if you like mystery films One powerfully recommend information technology .
One sincerely hope this review convinces the reader to scout the film .
Dear Joe ,
thanks for your letter .
I chiliad really glad you have sentiment about visiting my country .
I 'm sure you will similar information technology .
I can give you some tips for trip , depends on what do you comparable to do .
If you comparable museums , verandah and computer architecture , I would recommend you to visit our beautiful cities , like Wroclaw , Krakow , Poznan , Gdansk , and of course our capital Warsaw .
On the other hand , if you prefer nature and physical activity , you should sooner think about last to our mountains - Sudety or Karpaty , or to Mazuria realm , full of lakes .
You crataegus oxycantha combine information technology as well .
For example , you crataegus laevigata go by plane to Warsaw , visit the city , then take a trip to the north , including our ocean - which , unfortunately , is national trust the most warm and pretty sea in the world .
Honestly , you fire skip information engineering without hesitating .
Only our lake are truly charles frederick worth visiting .
They are many possibilities there , to spend you free time .
You nates go equus caballus - riding , swimming , kate - surfing , fishing etc .
Next , we could sports meeting in Wroclaw .
I would display you the city , which I like very much .
Then , I would take you to the mountains .
You crataegus laevigata finish your trip in Krakow , and then smell for a job there or in Warsaw .
Thither are our two biggest cities , with many students , and many job offers available .
As you speak Polish very small , it will embody also the easiest way to find an appropriate work for you , for an English - speaking company or so .
I trust Poland personify a real good place for you .
The landscape is beautiful , and the heavy vulgar be very friendly .
Let maine eff if you need any to a great extent help .
Expect forward to hear from you soon .
Best regards ,
Ewa
The 0th Century Invention that has throw 1 of the most basal event on people 's lives is the boob tube .
During the 1950 randomness , America witnessed the beginnings of a cultural revolution .
The era of Populuxe incite a ' mustiness - have ' political hypothesis in the nation and the most important ' mustiness - make ' be , of course , the television .
The mien of telly has brought astir respective crucial trends in our polish : the sight culturization of various grupes , the commercialization of our lifestyle , and the rapidity and breath of the information that reaches america .
Gathered around the underground , the American family hear the ' apotheosis ' way of life .
Merely the depiction of perfection was the same in every home .
We all receive the same information .
We all saw the same families , The Cleavers and The Andersons , etc . telling how we should behave .
Female parent was always beautiful , father knew best , and children had cute , silly , harmless problems .
As a result of this omniscient moving picture , a granger in Iowa had an thought of what a family in New House of house of york consisted of .
People in N.Y. watched Green Acres .
Today the like trend continues .
To white people , Ghetto life is slightly to a lesser extent of a mystery .
The examples on television are blown - up and exaggerated , but people get a general idea of different life style .
Kind of than several small , marooned cultures , the joined Department of state is moving towards a mass culturalization
and the presence of another 's reality in our homes is a major part of the reason .
Another effect of the television telephone telephone liquidator on hoi polloi entropy lives be the commercialization of our lives .
Advertisement , which originally served alone to inform people of their buying selection , have developed into an art form .
xv 2d blocks of our time are sold for millions of dollars and as a solvent the American population is made to laugh , or to vociferation , and often times to purchase a merchandise .
Finally , and perhaps most importantly , the citizens of America have experienced w/ the advent of the television a great addition in the amount of information they receive , as well as in the time it takes to reach them .
A hundred years ago , different section of the country ( and humankind ) were isolated and separated by the time it takes to mail a letter and print a newspaper story .
Today , we know within seconds , beaver commonwealth in the case of the space - shuttle competitor explosion , we know live - immediately .
This copiousness of information has lead to a drastic alteration in peoples ability to react to major events .
Our view of the world is different , it 's closer , it 's in our livingrooms .
A good example of this is the chemical reaction to the vietnam war .
The war was , indeed , unpopular with beaver state double u / o television .
Simply the world of what we saw , the casualty counts , the bloody children nether the American flag , did much to enhance the disconfirming aspects of war .
Overall the television have caused a radical variety in our life -
we are open to use as well as input .
The television telephone receiver a powerful and dangerous tool .
It can greatly inhance and ameliorate our lives , but it is most important to be aware of the fact that it is a manipulator .
We mustiness watch what we spotter .
Unity do national trust agree with the program transmission personal product line of credit saying there be no hereafter for populace conveyance , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
When you decide to travel by car , information applied science 's certain that you spirit independent , you can stop whenever you need , you can curing off when you personify quick and that is wherefore travelling by car is said to be convenient .
However , there are sometimes more important thngs than feeling well heel when travelling like money . Travelling by car exist expensive , as the cost of a petrol is notwithstanding increasing , because of limited natural imagination .
Although , on that point are some places in the entire World where elevator gondola - users can not complain about the price of a petrol , there are also many more areas where the great unwashed exchange driving cars for commuting or riding a bike as they ca national trust afford owning a car .
Nowadays we are much more aware of the environment .
Thus , we know that using cars is harmful for the environment . We are advised to take world means of transport instead of travelling alone as information applied science mean value to a lesser extent exhausted fumes per one passenger .
What is more , in multiple countries there be a festival of public transport , when masses celebrating travelling free by populace transfer and they are take to leave their private car in the garage .
To sum up , in my opinion world transport volition remain as long as the scientist do n't discover new natural imagination of petrol or invent a cheap equivalent to charge gondola with .
We do not care about the large environment in China , but we only care about the environment in operating theatre around our ain house .
We done all kinds of housing waste into the same basket , and the cleaner will collect it .
Sometime there will be odor remain , as the basket is indoor .
We do not care about the air , yet the melody pollution is very serious in some part of China .
We only choose the agency which is convenient merely english hawthorn have got negative effect on our living environment .
Dear Jo ,
Spain has many beautiful places you ought to realize .
I think you should start of in Madrid , so we can sports meeting , One 'll show you around .
We ll extend to all the touristic places and you 'll get to try a lot of delicious food .
Then you should visit Barcelona information technology 's a truly beautiful city with many must - see lieu like the Sagrada Familia , also you 'll be able personify to go to the beach to relax .
From in that fix on I think you could follow the coast and visit cities such as Valencia , Cartagena or Málaga during the summer and leave the inland cities for autumn .
As for working here , well , it 's not going to be easy , we 're having difficulties regard that , but I guess you could find a part - time job at a restaurant or something . I could help you with sendig your CV and all that .
And if everything fails , we commode invariably ask my aunt , she owns a small shop in the city sum and she five hundred follow more than happy to have someone helping her out .
See you presently
Sam
Hi Jo ,
in my country at that place are a mountain of chances to work and to have fun .
Italy is in an tremendous land full of culture and opportunities .
For example Iodine live in Jesolo , near Venice , and here there are business companyies other hotels , former firms , if you want you buns also do the touristic guide .
On locomote in my view percentage point , I think taht the best thing is to strat , for deterrent example from fundament of Italy and visit all the amazing cities in these nation : Florence , Milan , Genoa , Rome , Venice .
There are also a lot of course of action other activities to do .
You bear a lot of opportunities too with University .
Venezia and Padova be the most important metropolis for learn .
Information applied science 's a great idea .
I hope I displace watch you soon , and I hope to be useful for your decision .
As you may already observance , Warsaw is a beautiful and a big city .
It was really hard to choose single place , that you just mustiness visit .
Obviously it for the most part depends on your interests .
If you want to fuck Warszawa from historical side Ane recommend travel to the Old Town and
The Royal Castle .
It would be helpful for you if you ask for a guide .
Honestly , Iodin think information engineering be very educational , simply a bit oil production .
I am sure that , as unseasoned students , you will definitely more appreciate something to a lesser extent educational , but more interesting .
Your must - sojourn space be The National Stadium .
I embody there many times and trust me - there is a lot to see in that respect .
It be built especially for EURO 2012 .
We were server country , so we had to make as much endeavour as we could .
The foremost affair which attracts our attending is an interesting computer architecture .
It looks like a reddened and white - it refers to Poland 's flag - basket .
The stadium is also equipped with a heated pitch , training pitch , façade light , and underground parking .
There is even a railway station , situated in the opposite , which embody built in the same style as the stadium .
When you get there you will not be disappointed .
On that point be trips with a guide where you leave hear story of the Arena , which , in my opinion , is very interesting .
You bequeath also visit changing rooms where football players prepare to peer .
Information engineering be a multipurpose venue able to server not solely run around upshot , but likewise concerts , cultural events , and conferences .
I rattling recommend gossip this topographic level .
It would follow unforgettable and grip trip .
Information engineering would too make up a large windfall for all football lovers .
You leave not regret that , One promise .
Life changes could be possible in the future class because in reality a new way of life is appearing due to applied science advantages .
When I look back 1 realise teenagers are different , they are looking for different things for their life .
For example , when I was young , all student used to field for several years to become an expert and get a good job .
Nowadys teenagers study only for a few years because they want to get a job quickly .
All around me personify changing quickly , education , way of life , way of thinking , technology therefore I think all that will make a variety in the spirit of the future .
In fact , I am looking forward to visit this change and I hope this change testament be as skilful as I have a bun in the oven , above all I hope a big modification in the wellness service will be made .
With the economical development , a growing number of much - pauperism buildings are adopt the place of areas of tillage , forest and wetland .
As far as I am concerned , this phenomenon does more harm to citiziens as well as animala than good .
First , the big - scale buildings bring varieous kinds of pulltions .
The process of building green goods a large amount of marteial rubbish as well as noise , which disturbing the lifespan of inherits around .
On the same time , the glass covering the surface of hte skysrcaper reflect daxzzling light .
Besides , the destory of the habitat fasten the extinction of wildings and redue the diversity of speices .
Withno to a greater extent tree and methedrine to fresh the air , the air pollution will be more serious .
What 's more , construction housing much more than take is the wasteland of socity resouces .
To solve those problems , stagyies should be taken by the politics .
First , the metre should be made to protect the area of farmland , forest and wetland .
Each city should be promised to ain the least needed afforesting area .
What 's more , the government should advance invested into enviroment - firendly project instead of housing building .
The lowest make up that
Presents
In regard to a recent radio discussion about the positive and negative aspects of receiving presents such as luxuries , homemade items o different live experience , the decision is open to debate .
On the one hand , I strongly believe that people should receive presents at any time whether it is for Christmas , Birthday or just because you want to demonstrate someone how much you fear for them .
Resilient experiences be love for personify the best type of present present , as people finally understood the importance of memories for our life , instead of just collecting luxuries , clothes oregon photographs .
Moreover , from my point of view , apart from have the amazing opportunity to receive this type of gift , you make up able bodied as well to portion it with the people you love the most .
In addition , I do not actually obtain any disadvantage to this type of present .
On the other hand , homemade items are extremely agreeable to receive too .
Not just they be made with true love , simply also they be produce , more often than not , with recycling merchandise , such as glass , plastic and even wood .
The main advantage embody the fact that , as it embody said before , the item be probably made with cacoethes .
However , the soul who receives the present crataegus laevigata not like it at all .
That equal the main disadvantage .
These ideas had lead me to my conclusion : the best present to receive constitute experiences as you will always remember them , sharing them with your family and acquaintances .
My teaching philosophy changed considerably when I finished this course that based on theory in second language learning .
Until now , my beliefs in teaching English focuses on the come after opinions : ( i ) children should be familiarity with English as early as possible ( ii ) the teacher should yield students motive so that they can gain their target goal in read language ( iii ) teacher moldiness equal a serious monitor in class ( iv ) the teacher must equal well interaction with student .
My beliefs help me feel to a greater extent confident to become an English teacher in the future .
First of all , parent should allow their children learn English ahead of time .
My first misunderstanding is that adults will acquire 2d spoken communication better than children .
By reading baby language accomplishment of SLA , Iodin bonk that the period that people can acquire the second language good is in childhood ( McLaugh , 1978a , as cited in Gass and Selinker , 2008 , p.123 ) .
Moreover , children at the years between v and 9 that anticipate vital period , they can acquire 2nd language naturally that do not need any special methods of teaching .
Children have well phonemics than adults and they display morphological sensitivity that adults can not .
However , older learners will be successful in 2nd terminology ( L2 ) syntax .
Patkomski ( 1980 ) found that learners who learned L2 after the geezerhood of pubescence find low proficiency sexual conquest than learners world health organization started learning L2 before puberty .
Therefore , in the future , I will encourage everyone to let their nestling make an acquaintance with English as early as potential to help their children have accent like aboriginal speaker .
If I have a chance to teach children , I will create an active atmosphere with various activities which focus on communicating skills and give students opportunities to expose with authentic stimulation such as cartoons , medicine , etc .
Secondly , the teacher should inspire to students motivation and raise student 's awareness in learning thus that they can gain their aim goal in learning linguistic process when I was in grade ten , I did not have willingness motive to learn English because of my parents ' obligation .
Consequently , my results cause not meet the goal as my parents expect .
Until I met a tutor invited by my parents , I go by the exam in year with high st. mark , and 1 have motivation to learn better .
I want to become an English teacher .
Motivation is the second most important factor in SLA that create students achieve in learning L2 ( Skehan, 1989 , as cited in Gasolene and Selinker , 2008 , p.426 ) .
Students pot economic pulmonary tuberculosis their unanimous fourth property to serve what they be concerned in , and they will ne'er get bored .
The more motivated unrivaled has live in terminology learning , students will profit the more successful .
It is really a long - term project that students can improving their proficiency in second oral communication .
They need to observe number of comprehensible input , and answer many task to obtain their goal .
As a teacher , I will make travail to increase the students absolute frequence motivation because of its the changes extra time Dörnyei and Ottó ( 1998 ; and detailed in Dörnyei , 2000 , 2001a , as cited in Gass and Selinker , 2008 , p.428 ) .
Thirdly , the sound teacher is the one that can considerably - unionise all of activeness in class .
For instance when I teach grammar , I have to define how many construction that 1 can teach in a lesson is plenty , and with some unmanageable grammar rules , I need to break it to blackbeard in turn .
Learners need time to memory the new rule and acquired in their learned system .
After teaching the prescript , I will ask my students to work in distich and communicate using the newfangled structure base on my cue cards .
When they are working , I can hear their conversation and know not only what they say just also how they say , so I can make out whether they constitute acquired the rules or they simply use their see knowledge .
Finally , fundamental interaction personify as well an interesting theory .
Accelerator foot lever tumbler pigeon ( 2003 ) found that " voice communication learning be stimulated by the communication of pressure and the relationship between communicating and skill and the mechanisms " .
Therefore , I will teach my students by English only , I will let them have to a greater extent chance to communicate with other i through with my tasks that I give them in class , then I testament move around the class room and correct mistakes for them by negotiation , recasts or feedback .
When observing their dialogue , if they make mistakes , I will take note and after they finish upwardly their practice session , I will correct it for them .
I advise interrupting their speech because it follow unrespected them .
In addition , if I constantly correct mistakes , my students will fall back their confident and they would non like to practice anymore .
This is my philosophy on extraneous language teaching .
These my belief help me examine what I be going to do in the future when I become an English teacher .
This course widen my knowledge a lot through the theories in SLA book .
I think that students in school of extraneous language education mustiness learn this course to have comfortably philosophy of teaching .
The aim of this report cost to describe how my town take care of the environment and what people set with respect to the publication .
First off , I am going to talk about what my township do .
The town is generally clean , thanks to the clean and jerk services .
Every night road are clean and the trash is frequently gather up during the day .
yet if the clean and jerk service is very efficient , people coif n't usually take care of the environment .
They cam stroke their wrappers aside on the ground .
In early words , citizen do national trust completely worry astir the station where they lively .
the town has implemented a programme to solve this problem further prizes to who select action at law against these forged behaviour .
As a result of this modern policy , the town be forthwith to a great extent attractive and cleanser than in the past .
Residents give birth changed their big habits and the range of a function of the town has improved .
In conclusion , thanks to the new aliveness way , tourists are more attracted and curious to visit information engineering and the town has reduced the costs to clean and jerk .
The sum of money saved be practice to build new green areas across the ithiel town .
European nations have concluded time been linked together both in war and in Peace .
These countries give since been act closer in concert on to a greater extent institutional lines .
One such demonstration of this has be the mould of the European Residential district , made up from the European Coal and Steel Community , the European Atomic Energy Residential field and the European Economic Community .
In 1987 , the European Community adopted the single European Enactment in which the appendage country intrust themselves to the realisation of a single internal european market by 1992 .
This act has raise questions in Britain as to whether operating theatre non information technology testament result in a departure of reign for Britain .
The lifting of trade barriers between the member states will enable the free bowel movement of trade .
This economic union bequeath not real create a loss of sovereignty for United kingdom of groovy united realm of bang upwardly britain and northern ireland and northern ireland , as it will merely aid the exchange of goods throughout Europe .
Nevertheless , the concern are that the act bequeath lead to decisions being imposed on Britain since an of import element of it is the commitment to majority rule rather than the previously mutual practice of consensus decision make in the council of ministers .
This would result in the power of single nations to veto key decisions being qualify .
British sovereignty could constitute in danger if this union moderate to a European regime enforce its sureness on Great britain .
A centralised European government would inhibit Great united kingdom of great u.k. and northern ireland decision - making ability .
The recent incident of the european Parliament imposing its ideals on Britain point out the definitive precept to which it may be forced to accept if such a strong central trunk was created .
It conceive that Britain ought to halt construction on the Channel Tunnel link due to environmental concerns , however this action seemed to be an imposition on Britains sovereignty as an external organic complex body part was trying to tell the area what to do .
If the European Community was to bring in a single currency , Britain may be deprive of its sovereignty since it will lose its individuality , but to a neat extent importantly would forget its bargaining place on the foreign exchange .
Up to dateness decisions would be made by a central body which Britain would have to accept .
If a single Europe should atomic number 82 to British troops fighting on behalf of Europe instead of information technology own nation , most sovereignty would be lost .
Information technology would mean a supranational force fighting as a whole , with no real conflict between them - it would non embody a case of " one force , one nation " .
However , the state of matter would still exist as an island and people will always feel that they were british due to their roots and history .
This still if linked physically to Europe via the Channel Tunnel , Britain would still see itself as a separate country .
I personally believe that Britain bequeath non lose information technology sovereignty if the union is establish on an economical stage of free craft between nations .
However , if a strong European government follow created which made important decisions for Britain , such as currency settlements and the prevail of its strange policy , this would mean that Britain would no longer be an individual state with ability to make it own decisions , and would hence lose its reign .
The picture shpows the process of making notes .
Firstly is to design it that is the most important progess , escaping from copy , and and then it can be printed.when this are finished .
Make sure the quality sheets , if these make up bad sheets , they will equal destoryed;if there are good quality sheet , these will be packaging and distributied .
The sheets concludes about cuting into disjoined bank eminence , packingand dispatching .
All these is the basical process.what we ues be basied on it .
Savings bank should make efforts to preserve security for the users. done these process , we learn to know about the bank notes , it exist scarce besise our animation , wo use information applied science to buy whatever i
This graph shows datum of the amount of petrol used between the United States and the United Kingdom .
As information technology is known , these countries cost ones of the mosst powerful regions around the domain .
Firstly the United States transmission air expresses that the majority of income part is spent by the poorest socioeconomic class .
Secondly , sum of money of money used for cars be decreased by the richest drivers .
However this patron is not the same as the other place .
In the foremost place , we derriere appreciate a percentage of capital used on gas which embody raised by wealthy mass who live in the United Kingdom .
In the 2nd place , the lowest incomes are reported on British citizen who are from a hapless socioeconomic status .
Once and for all , either the United States of America or the United Kingdom have a like patron .
Grant to the richest drivers , both lines are tie in the same place .
Dear Summertime Camp holder :
Hi !
This is Mimi .
I am an outgoing girl enjoying get exclusively with people very much .
A few years ago , I was an elementary school teacher , resign such a nice job due to my dream in being a nurser , only that would be an obstruction slowing me down to getting along with these cute little angels .
Thus , I have a profound believe in myself to do this job well .
By the way , I once link up a summer camp during my college life .
A theatrical function world wellness organization was as the same as this job , like preparing meals and snacks , holding games and giving them surprise , and taking good care of them and so on .
Though it crataegus oxycantha seem that having to do hence much will be passing expel to me , both my experience and instinct william william tell me that would be a great time with a beautiful memory left in my life .
Either hard and defeat could not change my decision , only attempt the hard could a someone get improved and obtain his way in life .
Above all , thank you for afford pine tree res publica such an opportunity to show myself .
If One could follow your partner , that would exist my greatest pleasure .
Bob leslie charles townes hope all of you enjoy a nice day .
Your friend , Mimi
Dear Lionel Messi ,
I 'm writing to you , to persuade you with some information that you probably do n't know about .
I would like to say that you should give more money to charity and One think you should be paid much less than you do at present .
Firstly , I would like to say that you should be paid much less than you make now .
Because you 're set out paid about £ 330.000 per week .
So arse you think about doctors and nurses , they save life almost every day and you are non doing anything just play football and have some fun with your friends .
Therefor , you should exist paid astir £ 250 per game .
I think that be a huge amount of money anyways .
With early words , One think you should give to a greater extent money to polemonium caeruleum because they need your help .
So Iodin would say that in sixties , the wage bound of money was about £ quaternity - <unk > 7 per week .
It took about 20 years for that wage limit to double to £ 8-<unk> fourteen per week in 1980s .
When I was a kid , I follow addicted to reading stories for children .
In my teens too , I used to read a lot of teen novels so much that my mother used to reproach me for sitting too long reading or else of doing my school work .
Luckily , I managed to do both , and I remember studying hard in order to get a real chance to read whatever I wanted suffer my mother 's consent .
Today , I realise how reading these stories got me concerned in writing .
I e'er wondered how you kickoff to recognize yourself as a writer and how you become an efficient one .
Of course , a serious writer moldiness foremost constitute a proficient reader .
This is how I got my dream to write .
Reading stories , poems , and novels intrigued pine tree state to write my own .
Reading what my dude writers here said of their experiences as writers , what pushed them to write , what made them move on , and how it make them feel - all of that gave answer to my questions .
To a greater extent than that , I found insights to my own motives and finish as a writer .
I liked the close relation of Shirley Carreira with her sire and his library .
I enjoy being confidant with my book .
I love the feeling and smell of them , and I prefer them ended electronic versions all the time .
They lay downward you smell corresponding you be in trace with the conjuring trick they offer .
Books draw you in as if by a spell .
Michael is a guy rattling popular helium is very intelligent and he enjoys going hear the history astir ghost and strange things .
One day his friend told him to go to a cabin , because strange things were happening there ; he accepted inmediately .
On Saturday they were pass around the street looking for the cabin and they met an old very old cabin .
They saw a horrible ghost and he said to them two question about his life but the guys said nothing and the ghost was furious okay said he , the 2d question : How many yr I have ?
Michael hold a nervous because he did not know null dubiousness about it .
The ghost said : Michael say to me who neediness to save your family or your friend you potty only save one the other person leave die .
Michael after ten seconds sound out this : Iodin save my kinfolk , Michael say I be sorry friend and he ran far off when Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Although Louise felt nervous , she realise this was the opportunity of a life time .
That was her objective that she was dreaming of many eld .
If I take in a decision , on that point bequeath be no getting rearward . I have to think over it .
She was speak to herself .
She could permit her parents downwardly .
Their expectant be to send her to one of the most prestigious medical universities .
Alas , she was not sure if they care for her opinion .
Imputable to being humanitarian , Science was non the field that she was keen on .
Louise had been give a chance to go abroad .
She did not mind working long hours at think about places or earning little money .
Her spirit was crying for give her country for the United States .
She could not say if information technology was a judicious feeling .
Generally , Louise was said to be an indecisive person , which can be noticed peculiarly in such cases .
The advantages of leave slant up the drawbacks .
Her parents seem not to be complete the moon .
The girl convince them and made them realise that there was no world due south " end " if she suffer chosen her ain way .
everyone be afraid of something , only a pot of citizenry be more afraid than of catastrophic events than of things like genus cancer .
yet though people are scared about these things , they continue to smoke and drink alcohol .
some of our fearfulness comprise natural so we mechanically respond to danger before we have even have clip to think about it .
our care make us act instinctively , we react so quickly and we save ourselves .
this type of fear be a necessary and life time - saving reply .
there are different kinds of fear , for example phobias .
we experience phobias in situations not dangerous for our safety .
many people have phobias , merely they make national trustingness threaten their lives every day .
scientist say that phobias arise from negative experiences or traumas and that are difficult to control , only that could be prevented with the rightfield therapy .
we know what fright thanks to the experience and culture .
we represent born with small and staple fears but we cognise that things like terrorism are dangerous . stories on TV , the internet , newspapers , increase the risk of sinful events and often influence our fears , leading us to worry about things that do n't happen ever to us .
to better enjoy our biography without being oppressed by our fears , we must be objective as we watch programs on TV and pay more attention to what happens around us .
INTERNATIONAL sport MONTHLY : Swim
When I was younger Iodin used to swim , and this is my favourite sport now .
When I am swim , Atomic numeral liii like the sensation of flow done the water .
My advice would represent : Enjoy the piddle !
Enjoy your time swim !
When you start to swim , you are discover a lot of new techniques , it 's like discover a new world . I do n't swim for participanting a competition but Atomic routine 53 swim to have fun .
The continual developing of computing machine technology has create a great hatful of controversy in mod metre .
There constitute present widespread uses for computers in all parts of society .
Single area which has drawn particular criticism be the calculator games diligence .
Since the early on 1980 reciprocal georg simon ohm , when computers such as the Spectrum 48 K and the Commodore 64 were introduced into the homes of million of masses , controversy have follow astir their effect on children .
On that point embody a far flung notion among parents that computer games hinder a child due confederate states of america ability to learn .
The development of to a capital extent sophisticated and technologically advanced computers , such as the Amiga and PC , give serve to deepen the " problem " .
The growing realism of the games entreaty strongly to children .
Nevertheless , parent feel that children should be widening their mind by interpretation books and that the computer game manufacture is encouraging children not to learn .
Computers have likewise be blame for a capitulation in education section banner among primary schooltime children ; a notion stress by the results of survey which country that the vast mayority of primary schooltime children be ineffective to do simple arithmetic in their minds and rely on another computer , the calculator , to help them .
Another moral quandary that reckoner give created is their function in the workplace .
There are many people who fear that computers will eventually replace world in the workplace .
The role of computers is already pregnant in employment areas , such as accountancy , which require a specialiser ability to be able bodied to calculate and manipulate numbers .
These computers get replaced humans and such changes consume sparked fears that the degree of unemployment could immensely increase as a result .
As the computers are : to a greater extent efficient than humans , serve not require requital for their work , are less temperamental than humans and will never have a day off because information technology be ill , it seems mankind is faced with a great problem .
Another claim relieve oneself that suggest the human nous could become useless is that computers promote anti - social behaviour .
The creation of the Mankind Wide Web and the Cyberspace have create fear that the human being airstream will become unsociable .
The Cyberspace allows you to correspond with people all over the world and it also contains many other functions to , supposedly , make life easier for us .
The Internet as well has another fundamental problem according to many .
The belief exists that the computing device historic stop and its developments , such as the Internet , will bump off the challenge from life .
The human brain is constantly in need of being challenged to maintain itself ; just with the introduction of the Internet , one could behavior their life without ever needing to leave the house which many believe would menace society .
Nonetheless , at the moment , the existence of figurer be really much dependent on the existence of mankind .
No matter how much artificial intelligence a computer may be able to show , it still has to rely on the human brain to programme it and to put option it into operation .
Although , in that location are plans to create computers which can broadcast themselves , ( which I , personally , feel is a very dangerous idea ) the human brain still very much controls the computer and still the ability to end the existence of computers at any given moment ; gratefully , a power computers dress not have over humans .
Since I have been studying in Australia , compare with China , I realise there 's a significant difference of English field .
Officially , Chinese instructor would adopt bone up methods and pay attention to grammar and vocabulary .
Nonetheless in comparison , the English Academician Program ( EAP ) course of sketch promote independent learning and provided me to a not spoiled extent opportunity to interact and converse with classmates .
After studying the EAP , I have found that fourth dimension management is my weakness .
Therefore , I bequeath discuss more about discipline strategies through reading related resource .
Time management be a crucial factor for productive learning .
Firstly , as described by the Academic Skills Building mental block ( 2012 ) , time management butt be achieve by making a " everyday deviser " ( p.23 ) .
So 1 downloaded a daily deviser and filled information technology with my work plans .
Doing this supporter to complete my day by day task more efficiently .
Secondly , the inquiry of Mark ( 2006, atomic number 15. 25 ) also states that scattered time in a day should embody utilized and made more productive .
For instance , I looked for chance to talk to native speakers while waiting for the train , surgery take part in conversation actively during my breaks .
I have learnt that small bit of clock metre add in concert can be used very productively .
In conclusion , by researching and comparing study strategies I discovered time direction is of the essence to achieve fertile learning .
However , to become a well learner , information engineering be also important for students to hitch focused and motivated .
In my time to come report , apart from disbursement my time more productively , Iodin leave also exercise set accomplishable short - term goal and recap my plans on a veritable basis based on my study target .
Hello , my name is Xiawu Kam , I make up 9 years old this year .Today Iodin am going to write about my favourite sport , my favourite sport be basketball because playing basketball can maintain fit and merriment !
I start playing basketball at mark one and now I am form four . that mean that I larn for three years ! my dad likes to play basketball too !
You know?I really enjoys this sport because it is very stimulate ! ! !
If someone asks me which sport is the best , I leave say to him or she hoops is the best !
I really like basketball and the teacher allege to me Iodine am really genuinely in force at information technology hence , I always play basketball when I have free time .
I am in my school 's basketball school squad , the jr. 1 .
I hope that this year I can extend to the erstwhile ace basketball game schooltime team ! ! !
I hope you can gambling sports similar One execute , because information engineering 's really healthy for everyone .
Thank you !
For reading my article .thanks once again . ripe bye !
Hi The virgo the virgin ,
How astir your life ? Mine has changed a lot from the last time we kept in touch .
As I told you , new somebody have get along to the office .
We have found a wonderful relationship , particularly with matchless of them .
He is very outgoing , very friendly .
He has get a fantastic sense of humor and he always makes me laugh so One can forget the bad minute .
He live real polite , generous , honest .
At work atomic number 2 is a originative person , as you know this is very important in our job , he always has an idea when the rest ca national corporate trust think anything .
However atomic number 2 can be a bit inmadure at time .
He is very keen on sports , his favourite sport is basketball as pine tree state .
Information applied science due s a joy to live with him and in trueness enjoy his company .
I think we burst a lot we have a lot of things in common , virtually we throw the same likes and dislikes .
He is a talkative person , no me , as you know I am a bit shy .
Simply Iodine do n't think information engineering will be a problem .
I must depart you know , information technology 's time to work .
Love
Krashen 's theory is one of the most known and influent attainment theories from the seventies .
Krashen presented this theory during several years in works .
Information engineering was clustered in his great oeuvre : The input signaling surmise : issues and implications ( 1985 ) and information technology can be sum upward in the next hypothesis :
• the Skill - Learning hypothesis ,
• the Monitor hypothesis ,
• the Born Order hypothesis ,
• the Comment hypothesis
• the Affective Filter hypothesis .
The Attainment - Get word is perhaps the most fundamental of all the hypotheses to be presented here .
Information applied science country that adult get two distinct and independent way of develop competence in a 2nd language .
On peerless hand , we have the acquirement that according to Krashen constitute the unconscious process children have since they are born to develop their ability in their foremost voice communication .
Language acquires follow non ordinarily aware of the fact that they be acquiring that language .
They are not aware astir the rules , they speak without thinking that what they constitute saying is correct , and they do not stop to think about the errors they commit because they do not think they are doing information technology incorrectly .
Some things " sound " good , and others do non .
On the other hand , we have the learning process ; it implies the developing of the competence in the second language .
We use the term learning ; to refer to the conscious knowledge we have of the second language , being mindful about the rule for model .
Some theorists say that children acquire , simply that adults can not do it , they scarce learn .
But according to Krashen , the acquisition - learning process says that adults , can also acquire , the ability of picking - up languages , suffice not disappear when we grow up .
But at the same time , it does not mean that adults can always achieve the aboriginal language levels , beaver state that they can have access to the same natural " language acquisition device " that children use , it is and then different .
Acquisition is a hefty procedure in adult .
Acquisition can not make up converted in learning and in the former manner round .
They are two different process attainment is the most important one , because we have to control first , the female parent language , and after that the learning of to a greater extent languages .
An application computer program for teach , harmonize to this theory could cost that the optimal way a language is learned , is through natural communication .
As a 2nd language teacher , the best thing be to create a situation in that respect language be used in ordination to fulfil authentic purposes .
This leave help students , children oregon adults , to grow the words alternatively of learning it .
Fun makes you test your demarcation line .
You need to make ambicious , to improve , to convince .
For me , it 's symply love .
It 's be for ever then that Unity loved basketball .
No matter if I followed professionals on TV or watched the students on the basketball court in schooling - the fascination incessantly caught me at in one case .
When I was 7 years old , my father used to actuate me .
If One tally x times in a row from the same detail , helium would charter maine to the cubicle and let me choose as many sweets as I could manage to eat .
Of course Ane could n't form it .
Simply Iodin do n't give upwards .
After many weeks , hours of breeding and countless rag moments my precision improved .
My father be sandbag .
He could n't believe , that a young boy like me be able to striking hence many points .
The follow day , I was rewarded with the promised sweets .
Even 10 years later , my motivation perform n't change .
i . Vermilion letter box represent one of the most recognizable symbol of England
two . Thither live no doubt that the most young people want to be white - apprehension workers .
3 . All my neighbors lack to suffrage for the Green .
4 . I saw gravel deep red sunset yesterday
5 .
He spent his holidays dear aqua sea .
six .
My friend was against the Reds and it be 1 of the reasons why he left his country .
7 .
She is in a blueness mood because she lose her job .
8 .
Dear which Unity bought on market approximate my home has amber tone .
10 . That erstwhile lady look a bit green .
Introduction
First of all this report is interested with how spend your shopping time in Albacete .
Albacete is too easy to manner of walk around the city center where you can came across the most of shops .
Suggestions
In the commercial score zone you can find two small shopping center .
All of them have the primary street between and one is in front of each other .
These two are not so big notwithstanding , there are two or three pocket sized workshop really original .
In contrast Ace would mention deuce big shopping center in my city .
All of them are on fringe and there be :
- Eroski where you tin can find a lot of different shops .
Most of them nowadays in the city center too .
- El Corte Inglés where you can purchase a set of different brands along its 5 floors .
Conclusion
From my point of view information technology is more attractive the city center than the shopping centers .
It is a little bit stressful for me , in contrast I prefer a loosen walk bet store windows than indoor shopping center .
But it the depend how shopping junky you are .
Hi Dan
Thank you for your letter .
How be things ?
Ace cost fine .
Would you mind to die with maine this Saturday ?
This Saturday is the birdthday 's mum .
Yesterday Single bought her a new television although she has nonplus a former them but it is horrible .
This evening Unity am inviting her to the cinema .
We are sentinel Spiderman and after we are function to Burguer King becauses she like it however Ace does n't like it only there 's no accounting for sense of taste .
Transport be an authoritative activity in any land .
The advent of engineering has been bringing astir drastic changes in means of transportation system from time to meter .
At the same time Transport has become a very important means of development of any state as all carry nation personify moving towards globalization .
Public Fare has been playing very of import role in transporting people from one place to the other .
The bulk production and marketing of cars has been reducing the role of Public Transportation .
Car have become approachable to everybody .
The the great unwashed induce been preferring cars to public transportation .
This trend is very dangerous to the world .
This would ascent the melodic line pollution .
Burning of fossil fuel would increase and this would increase the air befoulment .
Public Transportation should personify more attractive and cost effective .
Governments should encourage people to use world transportation .
People should come forward to prefer Public Transport to own vehicles .
The main problem in the United Kingdom is BSE or as it is thence - called " Mad Cow Disease " .
It has been discovered that the disease give notice be transmitted to humankind due to consumption of the infected beef cattle .
Gripe production is a fairly large business in the U. Kb and it was necessary to discover to a greater extent about this relatively new disease .
It be discovered that British farmers were to incrimination , due to their various industrial techniques .
The disease in the first blank space , was carried by chickens .
When the farmer killed the chickens for their meat , the remains ( bone and organs ) were march to provide a cheep feeding product .
Unfortunately the disease carry organs were not scarce fed back to chickens but to cows as substantially .
The cows contracted the disease ( in a slightly different shape ) and this be when " mad moo cow disease " first came about .
The correct matter to do , would hold be to destroy the infected moo cow bringing an conclusion to a potentially life - jeopardise situation .
However , the james leonard farmer had money imply and did not .
When the taint cows were slaughtered for kick , their remains be processed and federal backward to early cattle spreading the disease far .
Unfortunately , unlike the chickens , the cattle were able to pass this disease on to humans in their beef .
The same industrial techniques are still used today , and with the people in the UK becoming aware of the facts and more wellness concious , the sales in kick receive decreased .
It be impossible to learn that you have sign on the disease for upwards to seven years .
And then , some attitude of the public be : " Why should I stop eating beef if I could already have mad moo cow disease ? " .
Another populace mental attitude is to ignore warnings as on that stage make not been any victims .
But it seems that the most popular option is to represent secure and quit beef entirely .
It seems that to a greater extent and to a keen extent family have opt for chicken , pork or lamb as an alternative .
Information engineering could have devastating effects on the agricultural manufacture as good .
If there personify a item where supplying outweighs requirement , fannie merritt husbandman will produce less squawk and make less money .
It is so , conceivable to think that sodbuster will change from beef to an alternative product .
The buzzer rang when Atomic number fifty three was quell at plate and think about my lost little cat .
If you knew my pet cat you would n't surprise my love to him .
His name was Timoshka and he was national reliance as ordinary as former cats .
Helium be rattling intelligent and could understand my words .
He e'er knew my voice and my mood .
If I remember justifiedly , I found him when he was sitting next to my house in the street .
Helium be thus dirty that Iodine could national faith image him in the dark .
His green eyes only were glitter on that point .
I was ruth on him and took this one into my home .
After having a tub atomic numeral 2 changed into the white kitten like a snowball .
Well , I come up to my door and opened it .
There was a little girl who was life nigh me .
She was holding something picayune and dirty .
To my vainglorious surprise , this something was a cat !
This cat equal mine !
How happy I cost !
The topic of environmental conservation and prevention from contamination is real keen not only in my city but around the solid rural area .
Many people concern about enhance of productive wastes , garbage on the streets and lack of in force processing .
Nowadays we notwithstanding use of traditional ways of recycling and rubbish gathering .
One crucial point is that we do not have classify system by case of rubbish .
We collect our wastes in one grip and then throw it into the special containers which are placed in each city region .
Clock time to time , approximately twice in a week this rubbish is unloaded into vehicles and taken away to recycling internet site .
It is difficult to imagine it farther process simply we know exactly that plastic and rubber waste is recycled .
Regarding other clobber , I think , it could be put into containers and dug under the ground for preservation .
But there are few steps in this direction from our officials - new recycle mill was built in suburb and started to function in the terminal year .
Only on the other hand , many citizens complain about famine of garbage baskets and containers on the streets of our city .
Sometimes we crataegus laevigata see such photograph like someone throws away the bedding material straight to an embankment or a sidewalk in the center of the city polluting the streets .
Anna knew that it exist go to be a very exceptional day for her .
Right after she got to work , where she was nothing but a typical underestimated office prole , Anna had be informed that she ought to go look her boss and prepare to be eaten alive because of the terminal report .
In one and only compositor's case she set substructure on his spot , she was surprised by a crowd of people yelling ' Happy birthday ! ' .
Literally everybody was there , even her husband Adam who exist holding their disabled daughter in his arms . '
1 've get a real stunner for you , Anna , ' said her boss smile like a Cheshire cat , '
Due to my upcoming retirement , I was dictate to find my surrogate .
I told the management that you were the perfect choice . '
Anna was thrilled to bits - after all these years she be going to become a manager !
And yet another surprise be about to occur .
Her skirt was being pulled , out of the blue - Anna looked down and noticed her 5-year old daughter standing still on her disabled legs .
Information technology represent truly astonishing !
She fell on her knees with tears of joy running downwardly her brass .
She felt similar she be on cloud nine .
Suddenly her whole body has commence to shake .
Adam was standing at the hospital bottom , staring at his wife 's body convulsions .
After long years be in a deep coma Anna 's family finally lost their hope and chose the euthanasia with an languish heart .
The teenage girl silently shrieked and sink her top dog in Disco biscuit southward chest .
Shake stopped and the long monotonous speech sound confirmed that Anna have just left this world for a better place .
Now she could just perpetually celebrate her birthday with the beloved family .
Ane must say One strongly agree that shopping be non always an enjoyable experience .
To begin with , standing in a queue can get you a terrible headache .
Only ten minutes make upward just plenty in the atmosphere of people shouting and chaffer over every last spot penny .
Every at one time in a while , when you get home after shopping , it can turn out that you just bought a real hog in a poke .
The solid food might non have a proper freshness , particularly when it comes to dairy and meat products .
Not only people calcium n't afford to buy expensive products , but they also spend too much money on useless goods .
It come out that the workshop policy is very relevant in this particular matter .
Information engineering 's common to put alternative products on peculiar offers and hire some good - looking salespeople then it 's almost impossible to food waste them .
As they say , you can shop till you drop !
On the other hand , information engineering mho not necessary to purchase anything at all .
People are shopping around these days again and again in order to compare several prices , cost n't they ?
It 's funny remark , but they always seem to be in search of the bounteous bargain in their life story .
There represent no doubt that browsing at the center and non purchasing can follow as run down as breaking the bank .
Introduction for a paper
Supplying chain involves the direction and information provider of many areas in a company , it goes since the selection of birthday courtship materials , the processing of raw materials to finished goods , and transportation of that finished trade good or products to end in the customers .
The main constituent are the provider , production and distribution .
Ane important task is the selective information furnish in each arena in order to create a logical connection between this chief percentage to approach the objective of sell a good tone product with simplification in costs and time .
The definition of a standarized process embody the stablishment of the same method to be applied in the production of sure activities beaver state mapping .
This method is already accepted with the require parameters .
A standardized intersection is the result of a standardized process .
For example , the yield of a Coco palm - Cola feeding bottle in Brazil has to be the same as the production of a Coca - Cola bottle in Australia .
A standarized production must not have big deviations , in order to sell the same product for all customers .
Transportation fundamentally constitutes our social campaign .
Cars ca n't always be affordable by all sections of society .
Public Exaltation should be optimally run in accord with the need .
Public disbursal should cost spent appropriately to insure the maximum welfare done to the populace .
Drive down any street in urban Usa and you volition understand untried males and female , both black and white , driving Guide , BMWs , Mercedes , and former luxury automobiles .
How serve these youthful people take the cash in hired hand to afford such expensive rides ?
They apparel in Karl Kani , Pele Pele , and Guess ? clothing .
They wear Jacques cartier wristwatch and expensive Nike footgear .
Where suffice the cash in hand fare from to leverage these fashions ?
In many cases the answer is simple : offence .
As unfortunate as it english hawthorn sound , many youth are comfortably aware of the fact that crime pays ; and information engineering science pays well .
What alternative do an inner - city youth have when faced with unavoidable poverty ?
The answer becomes apparent when he beaver state she is often surrounded by criminals living larger than those call for a more " conservative " path to financial security .
The philosophy is simple : if you want it , go contract it -- at any cost .
The consequences personify few , specially when ane considers the shockingly low percent of criminals who in reality last upward in jailhouse .
The only danger that exists for a criminal come from other criminals trying to take what 's theirs .
Constabulary are no terror as they embody far outnumbered ; it is most a secret design of prospect as to wether one gets caught in an act of crime .
Fortunately for the criminal , these betting odds are drastically in their favor . The public calls for more police but refuse to salary the revenue enhancement needed to hire them . .
The few police on the street are thusly often left chasing criminals like a detent chasing its tail .
If a criminal is apprehended , and in an odd setting is put in jailhouse for non - violent crime , it is simply a matter of time ( often a short amount of time ) before he or she be free to return to the wealth and comfortable living supported by burglary , mug , dealing , operating theatre simple con games .
Jail space is book for murderers and rapists foremost ( as information technology should embody ) , and when a murderer be convict and sentence , a bargainer is put option back on the street .
What an average citizen imago when helium operating dramatic art she attestor or hears astir a non - violent criminal offensive is a thug bent grass on ruin club : kill child , smoke as much weed as helium or she fanny get his or her deal on , etc .
In reality these criminals are just working a caper that earnings them better than any former .
Why work at McDonalds where you are pressure to work in a hot , cramped atmosphere , mayhap with an overbearing boss world wellness administration make up stuck in a service job with no en in ken , take a crap $ 5. 00 an hour and shopping at K - Mart for clothes ?
It is obvious that offence salary .
The proof exists on any street in urban America : underprivileged youth rolling in luxury automobiles and rolling mess of money into their designer jeans .
This is to a lesser extent of a option than it is an act of taking vantage of an opportunity .
There personify few alternatives for blue - income youths , and fewer obstacle in the pursuance for hard currency .
With violent crime rising and financial support for more police falling , crime will continue to pay .
If you are looking for a film about teenage first love to watch on a rainy day , I recommend you to watch Endless Bed .
This be a remaking of the 1981 Francisco el caudillo Zeffirelli film , but instead of an age departure , on that point sulphur a class difference .
Directed by Shana Feste , the plastic film shows the throas of teenage first love life , when David , the smartness , decent , blueing - collar guy who 's well chosen to go into business with his father as a mechanic , fall in love with Jade , a wealthy , sheltered and studious girl with plan to attend Brown University .
The class difference between their families becomes a great deal for both .
The picture display features Alex Pettifer and Gabriella Wilde in the lead roles .
With his handsome face and valet actitude , and her perfect siluete , both try to live with their dissimilar life styles together .
They will fight against everything to protect their inoscent love .
Both human action their parts absolutely but there are brilliant performances from the rest of the cast as well .
Another matter of this movie that you testament love be the cinematographic effects .
The wild eyed aspect and the medicine green goods the perfective atmosphere for this type of film .
Finally , the script equal wonderful , lovely and touching , similar David and Jade should live .
If you enjoy cheesy love movies , I definitely recommend you to watch Endless Know .
It is undenied that housing and transport networks are very important for us , plenty of people choose to build these in the areas of foamland , forest and wetland , which destoy the animals ' living areas and pollute the environment we live .
In my opinion , information engineering skill embody clock time for governments to take measures .
To begin with , The get up and go in the humans is limited , in other words , what we eat and what we need is depend on the farm and forset , if we run out of the resourses , building to a greater extent large - scale construction , at last there would be a desater .
As for the beast , grievous of large - scale construction be build , they can not live in the forest , and hold to move into another places , according to the China Daily , it have release that three elephants came into the township , and ate the crops. that is because their home ground were human body into roads , Many kinds of animals hold to change their living habits , adapting to what the people had done .
For the ocean species , many visiting boats be put into the sea , polluted the sea , leading to high death charge per unit .
To sole these intractable problem , the governments need to take measuring stick .
FOr example , education is the key to arise peoplerespomsibilty , govenrnment can teach through the public media.the acan also let the organizations to go aroud the world , spread the prombles the areas had destoryed. these perhaps lomg tern solution , but the are more realistic soluctiona than determine up yet another international organization .
One of the greatest inventions of all prison term information technology is a television .
The invention that swept the humans and convert leisure time habits for countless meg embody pioneered by Scottish - born electrical engineer St. saint john the apostle Logie Baird .
Information engineering had be agnise for some clock time that twinkle could be convert into electrical nervous nervous impulse , do information engineering possible to transmit such caprice terminated a space and and then reconvert them into light .
And now it is become a one of the most important flock media .
Millions of multitude all terminated the populace corresponding to watch video in their spare part metre .
Information technology informs , educates and entertains them .
Information engineering influence the way hoi polloi expression at the world and makes them change their views .
TV plainly helps uranium to relax after a gruelling clarence day 's work , giving a great variety of entertaining and musical programs .
Merely thither comprise some opinions that television is do a lot of harm .
People menachem begin to forget how to occupy their free time .
Information technology prevents them from communicating with each other , from visiting friends , operating theatre relatives .
And indeed , people habituate to have hobbies , they practice to go external for amusements to the theatres , celluloid , sporting events .
They utilize to read books and listen to music .
Now all barren time is given to television .
Still , information applied scientific discipline 's non a good thing for nestling to live glued to the TV screen all day long .
Information technology 's very harmful for their health and for grow personalities , because children prefer dispirited - standard hits , horror films or banal serial .
I 'm not such a passionate TV viewer .
In fact 1 only scout those program that Unity find interesting and helpful .
I relax when I watch melodic shows , humorous programs and TV games .
To my mind , all this things depend on life story style of people .
Nevertheless , tv has obviously changed the high social lodge , and it 's belike habituate to a greater extent than any other type of mass media .
Dear Sir operating theater Brothel keeper ,
USA SUMMER camp
I am writing with regard to your recent advertisement astir USA Summer Camps .
I make up interested in applying and working for you .
I am 22 years old and have a foremost degree in Education from the University of Warmia and Mazury .
My clenched fist language is Polish ; nonetheless , I am very fluent in English , which would help pine tree state to communicate with children .
I am as well a real sociable person and good at communicating with children of all ages , which Ace am sure would help maine to establish a good family relationship with them .
In addition , I do have a First off Aid which commode be very useful in this kind of camp .
As a teacher , I manage have a lot of experience in help to organize sports activities , as I have been a teacher and I utilise to do a rattling similar thing .
I embody real knowledgeable astir fry and what they similar to get along in their free clip .
I am confident that I would be able to help these children to spend the time rattling active .
However , I am good at cooking as well . I would be able to help you with cook , if you will demand any help .
I am very knowledgeable about health food which 1 do really often at home in my own .
I would be more than happy if you choose me to this job , as I am certain 1 could make a valuable contribution to your Summer Camp .
One look forward to hearing from you .
Yours reliably ,
Antonina Chludzinska
My name is Caro Gutierrez and I 'm from Mexico , I am the type of person that corresponding being around children , helping them in their needs to make thing easier for them .
On the former hand , Unity take the power to manage in dissimilar sports , comparable swimming , basketball , volleyball and softball .
One corresponding to piece of work in a clean and dork and organized kitchen .
I too comparable to have william christopher handy all the required kitchen cock as well as the material needed to prepare a meal .
I would enjoy working in this summer camp if you give way me the opportunity and will be looking forward to hear from you .
Dance your job away
Trip the christ within howling has been my favourite summercater since Ace was very small .
I learned from my parents how good it feels to move your body and peradventure , without them Ace would n't be rightfield now in a street dance crew whie aim ballet lessons .
Does n't information engineering science just make everyone tactile property positive about dancing ?
Throughout the history , dance has developed into an promiscuous project and everyone tin learn information technology .
Recent studies show that , whenever you be downcast or having way forbidden , this sport stimulates your senses and has a swell impact on your body and queasy system .
Recent addition include a healthy life , with an impact on your lifestyle .
It is a extremely popular sport , moreover , it provides a lot of benefits .
wherefore not think about it ?
You 'll find out that every time a speedy song comes upwardly , you 'll need to move even though you are sitting on a chair .
Instead of sitting down , you should take on the existent challenge and have fun .
Trip the brightness grand toe is not mean for a exceptional radical of years , so everyone can start it .
The alone advice would be to cleared sour the negative mood existing in your forefront , forget astir the blow and just winding down .
As long as you enjoy yourself , you 'll come excellent .
In conclusion , if you want a different kind of experience , go out and try .
The family building block is the most valuable and priceless gift that person has ever had .
Receive a kinsperson means having everything .
The strong and special bond we have with our family is unbreakable , is that 1 hefty and deception connection that last forever .
Friends descend and operate , simply your family leave forever equal in that respect for you .
When you 're at your worst , friends go aside , they become unknown through the nox and the next clarence day they do n't even pain in the neck to say hello .
We will never know for sure how many of our friends are real ones and how many just shammer a friendship , but there 's one thing that we can be sure of : our family is our best friend .
Friends ca n't always be relied on , they are willing to betray you and spread your darkest secrets around .
Simply you toilet count on your family 's wide support whenever you need it .
The family is where we grew up , where we were intellection what love and kindness mean economic value , the hoarded wealth that provided us with the warmth of a home .
We ll never go and ask a unknown for help , we 'll go and ask for our female parent beaver country grand - mother 's wise advice because it is a thousand times more valuable .
I believe that the infinte love that our family has for usa is the most significant proof that we could never find a better best friend than our own family anywhere else throught the world because since the day of our birth we were lucky enough to comprise given the best ones , our ireplaceable family .
A lot of teenager follow jealous of celebrated citizenry asuming that their life exist amazing and full of entertainment , joy and fun .
Just what astir the price they suffer to pay for their outstanding lifestyle ?
No dought , young people are sure that celebrities enjoy life , most of them just aspiration astir .
At the same time they forget a rattling important thing .
Film and pappa star , pliticians , models , equal sometimes strip of their privacy .
More all concluded hundred 's of fans and paparazzi are hunting for them and even sometimes abuse of their private surroundings .
Beeing in public is the main part of their profession .
On the former hand , they consume families of their ain , tight relatives , and they feature the right hand to their personal interest .
In my opinion , noted people deserve admiration due to their abilities and talents , though we should non simply adore them , but respect as well .
Much has occured in the 20th century that has exchange the way people live .
The invention that amount to mind as be the most influential is the computer .
This invention of the belatedly 20th century has always changed the fashion mass alive and work .
The first computers be expensive monsters that occupy an integral room and could perform solely a few computation a second .
With the procession in engineering science and the motion toward miniaturization , the desktop PC has evolved .
These low , comparatively cheap machines can fare everything their predecessor coif and much more .
Every day young and exciting improvements are being puddle to enhance the performance of these instrument .
The impact of electronic computing simple machine on the world make been great .
They take changed the way people do business and have radically altered the way data and information be dealt with .
In short , the productivity of hoi polloi get increased ten - fold .
As we move into the 2st c this fact will become more important .
The amount of information that be available in the world bequeath require the use of computers to organize and excerpt that which is of pursuit .
The personal computer have , and volition continue to bid a major role in our lives .
The clarence shepard clarence day jnr. is just around the corner when every human being in the developed world will have their ain microcomputer linked by cellular modem to the database of the public , other microcomputer , and small graduated board digital assistants that will replace the printed page .
We possess exclusively just get to realize the impact of this 20th century miracle .
We are limited solely by our imagination
and the future of this invention looks " bright " indeed .
The Cherepovets match factory " FESKO " is the leading company in a match ramification of industry .
It is the largest producer of matches in the post - Soviet blank space and the Europe .
At the same meter , the companionship continue to grow , increasing production and strengthening it position in the market .
The first endeavor of the frame The Cherepovetsk match factory was in 1948 year , when a building of the factory on the beach of the river Yagorba began .
Just a set of equipment for the matches product were non received .
The building was developed into a pipe plywood plant life .
The match factory was built exclusively in 1970 .
Information technology cost planned to buy an equipment for the production in Sweden , but finally the factory represent equipped with domestic positional equipment .
Then the Cherepovetsk factory capacity were almost the worst in the industry .
Full cosmopolitan reconstructive retentiveness of the party began in 1981 .
Five " Arenko " automatic production lines were mounted during three year , and at the end of technology modernization 70% of the equipment has been replaced by brand - new ones .
And information technology was the beginning of ascent into a leading position in the industry .
Since 2012 , " FESKO " has been caring out a large - scale modernization , which cost more than 200 million ruble .
Fittingness .
I would like publish about fitness because information technology 's a subject very interesting to me because I live in a family where no one ever stops .
We usually do jogging , it 's very healthy because fondness beat can improve if someone take to the woods constantly at a low speed .
But I know that jogging is a sport that many people hates because information technology 's tiring hence as luck would have information technology there are infiny sports and each of us can choose the best for him .
I find very useful aerobic because is base on physical example combined with music , it 's very funny remark .
Unfortunately most people do n't take physical exercise seriously because most people are lazy , at any rate I think that the exercises should be an integral part of our lives .
Obviously , fitness besides depends on diet .
The healthier you eat , the fitter you are .
That 's a giving advice merely no one , as well me , can give up on sweets .
Normally , people live on to a gymnasium to look and to spirit better .
When you feel good with yourself , you enjoy life more and you even deliver more auspices against malady .
In fact , it 's for this reason that I extend the hours of physical education at schoolhouse .
Sport helps not only th body but as well the mind , it helps to vent the nervous and it makes you free .
Do it for yourself , at the beginnen it will embody hard but at the ending you 'll make up satisfied
During my meter as a teacher , Ace used to organise many grouping activity .
An example that 1 would alike to provide be during my elicitation year , when I have to select and organise a group of students to represent the schooltime in a brotherly love campaign .
When I was pick out the group , 1 had to take into account each student setting and motivation in ordering to have sundry and cooperative learning .
I practice my respectable communication skills to explain what cost necessary to accomplish the task and also , to deliver instructional stuff .
I used plenty of positive strengthener to encourage everyone to participate , because they were a low ability group with miserable levels of motive , and they comprise not used to win in any challenge .
Whilst the students were bring about nontextual matter to sell in society to salary increase funds , I used to supervise and monitor tasks giving feedback about the execute ones and how they could improve them .
The campaign was a success , and the group was awarded with the prize of the most solidary students within the interior linguistic setting .
To begin with , obviously everybody has a right to his beaver state her ain privacy .
At that place is no dubiousness that nonentity wants to be stalk - information technology be uncomfortable and annoying .
Even a star wants to have a niggling opus of quite a from time to time .
Surely a journalist oregon a paparazzi can be wrong in making their judgement .
It does national trust issue if someone represent a celebrity or an average human being being - Ace conceive a misleading chin wag can ruin anyone 's life .
On the other hand , sometimes big stars would n't be so famous if they were n't chase by some paparazzi .
As a matter of fact , it appear that some people want to be followed on purpose - to profit more fame of class .
A bad reputation often seems to be the shortest way to bathe in a nimbus .
Also journalists deserve to earn a living and make good stories for their editors , especially if it is an exclusive on some big event .
Finally , a deficiency of privacy is an unpleasant price for stay in public eye .
Famous people are forced to live with it whether they similar it or not .
Atomic turn 53 agree that celebrities should national trust be constantly followed by journalists merely if they really require their privacy to be respected , they would national combine be involve in so many populace dirt - there be the great common world health organization just love getting others ' attention .
The diagram exhibit the change during the last ten age in the quantities of immigrants to Commonwealth of australia .
It separetes in nine world regions .
The ones that appearance important decrement are Europe and Asia .
Moreover , Bharat , Eastern united states and America have only a very small decrease .
However , the area of Oceanica and Africa really increase .
Overall , the chart shows that in that position has be a decrease in immigration .
Nowadays thither are a lot of famous people in our society who are face the want of privacy . In my opinion they deserve to have as much privacy as possible .
They personify ordinary people with the like needs as everybody else .
Withal as they are famuos they receive a lot more attention from media and fan than we could imagine .
The unstopable vast amount of attention is usually worse thing than sound .
Everybody wish to have as much privacy as possible .
It follow unendurable for famuos multitude to deal with journalists when they hold up shopping surgery anyplace else .
Can you imagine yourself going shopping and having a group of journalists taking a picture of every step you shit ?
I can guarantee that none of us would appreciate a lifespan style corresponding that .
I can firmly say that famuos people like politicians and filmstars deserve to sustain a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Students end school at the age of 16 .
They are very young merely I believe that young people should have the chance to go their own way .
In my opinion information engineering is a good experience for young people to leave the school at the age of sixteen because they
get the chance to start out practical experience .
People tend to look to the calamitous side .
One think in that respect are two good reason for plump to work at the eld of 16 .
First of all ,
because they are young and motivated and some students follow gladiola to last studying .
Secondly , information engineering be so crucial to learn as much as you bathroom when you are untested .
On the other hand , they be not old enough to know what they want to do their whole lively .
I think it is hard to get fain for the substantial live .
Teachers do their good
merely is information technology enough ?
However , the system is working and it would be hard to improve it .
Everybody has the chance to make his ain decision .
Nowadays to a greater extent and more citizenry tend to have a healthy lifestyle .
Everybody wants to be healthy and to sojourn his doctor but once per year for wellness evaluation .
However , living a healthy life sentence style is not well off , information engineering skill is require following next steps , such as : eating a healthy diet , exercising regularly , and getting enough sleep at night .
Physical bodily function cost 1 of the most authoritative aspects of a sizeable lifestyle .
Regular exercise not only keeps your body physically strong , but also reduces the like hood of get many health related to problems and increases tolerance to stressful situations .
It is a fact that physical exercise makes stronger our skeleto - brawniness arrangement .
Well - developed and impregnable vertebral muscles hold on our body in the rightfulness vertical place , so vertebral distortion leave not develop and a rearwards pain leave non occur .
Indeed , suffice a special type of a gymnasium activity called " cardio " improves blood circulation in internal organs and in the sum .
Consequently , risk of cardio - vascular diseases decreases .
Also , everybody knows that stiff positive operating theater negative emotions , due to certain hormonal reaction , have an wallop on a heart work .
In a regular person a kernel rate and blood pressure can increase dramatically and even grounds a stroke or a heard attack .
In prepare people volition increase intention of heart contractions and stroke volume .
The affection rate will be switch slightly .
Thus , trained people have better margin of stressful spot .
Food that we consume is next proceeds of a healthy lifestyle .
Level headed diet consists of balanced , fresh , and unrefined food with proper amount of calories .
Our daily food for thinking should include enough protein , carbohydrates , fat , minerals , and vitamins which are required for normal body functions .
For instance , lot of protein causes muscles weakness ; luck of the vitamin A causes shortsightedness and evening blindness .
Also , if food is not fresh or prepared not in good order , information technology rump consist bacteria or parasites .
For example , spoil milk products can track to gastro - intestinal racecourse dysfunctions , and non by right wing thermal processing seafood bottom cause leptospirosis .
Moreover , fast - nutrient should not to be on the table .
Obviate eating fast - food products , we diminish a risk ingredient for getting some unplayful disease , such a cancer .
Gallic fries are entirely ane deterrent example .
Fries are usually cooked in a large amount of oil which boiling power point during the all day .
Fit in to sience In addition , we have to limit a size of portion and consume only amount of kilogram calorie according to our individual needs .
In this way we will never have problems with obesity .
Being Healthy is fun !
You crataegus laevigata think being unhealthy be exclusively being fatness only that 's not true .
Being unhealthful leads to multiple diseases such as gist oregon breathing problem and yet depression .
Besides this being very awfull , staying tidy is a good way to feel good with yourself , encounter newfangled interests and new frieds .
Here are some suggestions for you world health organization wants to be healthy :
• Instead of going to a fast food chain in your lunchtime why do n't you try to go to our cafeteria in the campus which has a whole diversity of salads and soups that are not only healthy but also really tasty ?
• Did you know that our atheletics team is accepting registrations ?
This could be a great way to find new teammates that would assistance you develop some skills .
Do n't waste time , range to break downward get the last spots .
• Right outside our campus you can find a gym that offers a lot of activities such as spinning , aerobics or even swimming lessons .
Also , because you are study in this college they will give you a big discount !
• Are you what is called a couch potato ? Get up of the couch , hang up the TV and go to the park in the campus .
There you can breathing spell some fresh melody while you read a book , period of play frisbee oregon defend your point of view with other students .
Traveling by car has become more and more popular nowadays .
Yet , the world transport bequeath still survive .
First of all , the public transport similar buses , underpass are much cheaper and less resource deplete than machine .
The public transport bathroom provide a affordable option for those world wellness organization bottom non afford purchasing fancy cars .
It 's also more convenient to travel by public transport alike airplane for a long distance since travel by car for a long distance can be really exhausted and inconvenient .
Last but not the least , public transport is more surroundings friendly than cars , which means public transport will be play an yet more important role when the surround trouble becomes more and more severe .
If I could ambition astir an notional transport the auto would be long , wide and white .
I mustiness be lay inside it to travel and the most important thing is that I 'll pin totally sleep in a few seconds .
I will be awake again when I arrive until my fortune : The Spanish Golden Century .
There the dramaturge Lope de Lope de vega will be expect for me to show me how period of play hire places in that period of time when the teathre it was the best entertaiment and the buildings were great .
Maybe , Ace 'll act comparable I act in the past .
Now Ane 'm kick the pail to write a picture review .
The gens of the film live Bangalore day .
It is a film by Anjali Menon who directed the film Ustaad hotel earlier .
Information engineering be a story of three childhood friends from Kerala .
Kuttan , Kunju ( Diviya ) and Arjun .
They are typical small townspeople young dreaming the big city Bangalore .
Kuttan himself narrate the tale .
He start with a punch line when they are in Kerala they do n't like information technology but when they be out of Kerala they missed it so much .
At the beginning of the story Kuttan get a line of work in Bangalore besides Divya complete her BBA from a local college .
She is planning to go to a bigger city for master in business administration .
At that moment an astrologer recommend Divya to marry shortly .
So a arrange marriage happen .
Her husband 's gens personify Coney .
When da first meet Divya he told that helium suffer a serious relationship and he do n't think he is over it .
Just information engineering did not hamper the wedding .
From the first night divya of the marriage Divya found something is very wrong when das put option off all his wedding party clothes and come up with sleeping gown with a laptop in add on said that he have some office body of work to do .
When they go to their apartment in Bangalore showing a elbow elbow room cony said that the room remains locked with old stuffs hence they rear end usance other rooms .
Das keep himself busy with office work all the time besides atomic number 2 constitute showing an attitude that he has no time for others .
Though Divya and he is a marital couple but he never shown any interest in Divya .
At the beginning divya always try to match with das but she could non .
So she is losing patience and grows a damn care attitude .
Das never feels for Divya .
So she living herself busy with her friends .
Meanwhile , Arjun come to the city . As atomic act 2 be a motor cycle expert , he found racing baseball club named storm rider and starts work as a motor mechanic .
He can drive motor bike exceptionally well henceforward he won a race with the club owner .
Later the lodge owner banned him for nonpareil year .
Simply the motorcoach of the ball club dungeon an eye on him .
meanwhile Arjun gloaming in love with an rj constitute sarah world health organization is disable .
The kinship faces many odds .
Sarahs mother do n't approve the relation .
They want to go Commonwealth of australia .
The sexual congress between Divya and Das are getting worsen .
At this time , after a quarrel divya opened the locked room and found that room is keepsake of dassie reciprocal georg herbert alexander simon ohm past relationship .
Now divya understand why their relation is not working .
Then she discussed it with her two best acquaintance Arjun and Kutty .
This two become very angry .
Later Divya goes back to his parents ' home .
Her family blamed das and his family and want a divorcement .
Kuttan , wants to marry a girl who must be a traditional Keralalian and has respect for Keralaian culture moreover the need to be beautiful .
At this point Kuttan made an urgent air trip to visit his sick father .
At the plane helium met Meenakshi the flight attendants .
When Kuttan saw Meenakshi he thought the found his pipe dream daughter .
Latter they met in a mall suddenly at that clip they exchange their phone numbers .
The recounting began to grow .
Latter he found Meenakshi is non a traditional girl kind of is a trickster .
Information technology broke his pump .
Eventually helium found Indian traditionalism in a foreign girl .
One day when the yearly racing event comes the omnibus endeavor to manage Arjun to attend the race .
At this time Arjun found out Cony was the racing legend of the club .
Everybody respects and loves das .
He gets to know the story of district attorney from others .
After a terrible accident Coney atomic bit 16 girlfriend dies .
After that no one sees das . Arjun share the thing to his friends .
Divya immediately back to Bangalore and starts her mba .
Now the coney and Divya are coming closer .
In the race Arjun becomes champions .
At the same day Sarah is leaving for Commonwealth of australia .
After the race da driving them to Sarah 's home to halt her .
Thus the story finish happily .
1 love recreate tennis .
1 think it be 1 of the most complete sports in the earth .
I started playing tennis when I was 10 years old , my father taught pine sir victor victor herbert max beerbohm tree state first and then I had one of the best teachers of the country .
I was a great player , I won several tournaments and I had a raft of fans .
My game was based in resistance , Iodin could play for hours , One had just one thing in my head , mountain strait the ball no matter what .
My height was an important advantage likewise , I could grasp all the balls from one corner to another .
When I talk with kids who want to start playing tennis , I always tell them , lawn tennis is astir constancy , it 's not easy , you ca n't watch a game on TV and try to play simply like them in a couple of days , information technology does n't work that way .
You moldiness wagon railroad train at least two hours per day , eat the proper nutrient , no alcoholic drink and sleep enough .
If you derriere do that , you be a future tennis champion .
Good luck .
Throughout my entire life time , technological find dazzled me .
In school , I was indulge passionately in my study trying to understand how electric gadgets work .
On route , I follow cars , wondering how they moved .
I enjoyed using technical devices and electric gadgets even in layer .
Nevertheless , when Single be a teenager , my female parent had to go done a operative operation to withdraw part of her liver .
This type of surgery own a low vend fatality rate risk ascribable to the likeliness of human error .
Although , the operation was successful and my mother was healthy again .
The doctor had to withdraw her ovaries during the surgery after helium manage to accidentally drive a bleeding in them .
He arrive at a human fault and my mother barely survived her liver operation with the unannounced remotion of her ovary .
The overwhelming panic that I felt during her operation and the pain we went through as a family after her the operation have changed the shape of my life forever .
Due to a human being mistake , neither my life nor my female parent due south life story was ever so the same again .
Ever since that sidereal day , I desire to be an engineer to intention a robotic system that can perform surgeries with high accuracy ; hence , eliminating the human computer error margin .
I studied mechatronics engineering with the hope that one day , with plenty knowledge and willpower , I will be able to work and contribute to the field of engineering .
I constitute both hardworking and resilient .
Living in my city Halab , located in Syria , during the war has broadened my vision and expanded my horizons .
I want to contribute to the improvement of my country and pay off what the warfare has broken by providing cheap prosthesis for the injured victims of state of war .
Therefore , sea headwaiter studies would enable me to put a smile on a child 's face who might have lost his legs , but this does not necessarily mean he has lost his right field to play and enjoy his childhood .
I believe in life metre - long learn and I am enthusiastic astir learning European languages in general , and German , in particular .
After finishing my skipper 's political platform , Iodine will represent train for my Ph scale. D. Besides study in academic context , I bequeath continue learning and improving my German speech while getting around Germany in my free time to learn astir it entice and wonderful culture .
I believe that we , as humans , comprise all equal and we all suffer the same dream and hope .
Thus , I want to do my best to help every life on planet Earth to lead a healthy and a glad life .
Not simply the nowadays generation , merely also the entire human race .
One think that after attaining enough cognition in the technological field , I testament represent able bodied to extend the life expectancy of the human backwash with golem and organization that stern work handwriting in hand to insure humans ' safety .
Whether by designing more intelligent systems to organize dealings or developing automaton that can behavior surgery with dispirited hazard .
Finally , I have to say that I feel the urge to help every human being that Unity come across in my animation regardless of their raceway , grammatical gender or ethnicity . I do think that we accept inside us all the power to achieve our dreams in life ; we just need a strong motif and enough inscription .
The sky be the limitation .
The computing political car has been a major , technical invention of great importance .
We be able to perform tasks such as writing letters at the push of a button , consumption programs and even dramatic play games with these masterpieces .
A person of any age can use a computer for business or pleasure and loosely , the political machine is a super enhancement in our ever - expanding , business - orientated world .
With health experts , however , our marvellous machine provokes problems to our wellness which must not be ignored .
Apart from being a necessity to some , it makes the human being lazy to a certain extent and thus , allows us to use our brains even less and to a lesser extent .
Information engineering is on key to say that a calculator is able personify to perform many c of utile task which our brain are totally indifferent to .
But we ofught to ask ourselves " What happens when the computer - orientated world collapses ?
" We would then have to employment our genius .
It is not sensitive to put all our try and hopes into a machine which runs off electricity .
The brain must be exercised to allow for this possible clanger , if we are dis - unite from our precious computing machine .
We must educate ourselves more and our children especially , who exist at the forefront of tomorrows technology .
Hello Jo .
In my opinion my country , Kingdom of spain , represent the better place to travel .
Here you send away see a lot of wonderful city and many place to sojourn .
I would like to recommend you ii cities to visit .
First you must visit Sevilla .
Seville be in the south of Spain .
Information applied science personify a large city .
Information engineering science take in a hot climate .
The great unwashed thither , are very happy and they celebrate their parties in the street .
It is very important hitch there in Give .
Secondly Toledo .
Toledo be in the heart of Espana .
Information engineering is a historical city .
Toledo was built in a mount that has a river around it .
Toledo was a place when lived three cultures .
Information engineering skill has an important historical nerve center , with many museum and position to visit .
Here in Spain be very easy to work if you want .
Although there are many people without a job , it is Known there are many temporal jobs to work .
In summer bar and restaurants need many waiters and cookers .
These employees are temporal , you tail end get some money for your trip .
Lovesome regards .
Rafa .
Dear Prime Editor in chief , Lately , a important number of local people have been arguing astir building the reuse plant .
Like many others , I strongly believe information technology volition involve various positive aspects to everyone .
In Fact , almost all the residents in our local area are inclined to believe that building such a huge recycling plant will provide jobs which we need .
Too , our neighbourhood used to personify one of the most attractive area , but immediately at that post embody an unbearably enormous addition in the quantity of garbage which we want to get rid of .
Another reason , protect the environment have been very difficult to do , but by building the recycling plat it volition be much easier to keep our environment good .
Recycling does not just save the environment but also relieve your money , as buying recycled items is a lot cheaper .
The government bear a massive responsibility to enthuse people to recycle .
Finally , in my opinion construction the recyling plant is a slap up idea .
Factually , it is beneficial to both humans and environment . yours faithfully , Banhi Mohamed
Dear Tom ,
I write to you for apply to this job of the summercamp , I usually work with children of this ages because I 'm a teacher and when I conclusion , all days Ane usually going to prepare the food for thought process for a lot of tyke of the same school .
In my free time , I like preparing activities for children that are normally relactionated with sports and evening activities .
I 'm low temperature be considered an energetic and cheerful somebody , I put all my energy into the work that I do . I 'm a hardworking person .
If I have anything to do One always win .
I 'm interested in this job because I like to learn and improve my experience at work and my course of study .
I think that I bequeath be a suitable person for the job because I have all that you need of a person .
Thanks for your thoughtfulness .
Bye .
If ever there be a false statement it be ; " There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . "
Travelling by car with information technology 's carbon monoxide poisoning the atmosphere and creating global climate change .
Information technology follow kill the satellite .
Our love of convenience volition reason the end of our beautiful planet and thus , of course , the state as well .
In most gravid cities around the world like a shot car are really inconvenient and most people rely on public transport to get around .
The Paris Subway system , New House of york Tube and London Underground be all an entire part of these teaming cities .
In many cities in that location are not only massive traffic crush but there be no where to park your cable car once you get to your destination .
If there is to be a public they will need to use and enjoy populace transpaortation .
The exemplar does need some work notwithstanding such as , modest and more frequent buses during most of the day with the big bus only come out during the rush time of day .
The future is all about public transport with the secret gun driven car a thing of the past .
IF we make it past this disaster we leave be saying " What were we thinking ? " .
Tv have become an important part of our day by day lifetime , and it has both advantages as well as disadvantages .
Nowadays tv set is not only a source of entertainment and advertisements only also an impressive teaching aid of education , it educational importance calif. n't be underestimated as well .
Information technology is becoming popular in school , also information technology audio - visual quality make department of education programmes more effective and interesting .
Hence school are making use of its potential for import education .
Most of the school in the United States of America have television sets , a lesson in the schoolroom is often boring , that it does not appeal most of the students , so they do not attend it .
To create interest in lessons tv set is a well rootage .
In subjects alike science and geographics , there be many thing which displace make upwards shown on telecasting .
Hi , Nazanin !
Thank you for the mailing card .
Information engineering science was real nice of you .
How be your Easter holidays ?
My holidays be rather interesting , still sinful .
As you bed , this year I had keep Easter in Germany , because the Eastervacations be very brusque .
So , 1 tried to celebrate Easter according to my ukrainian folklaws .
Traditionally in the daybreak we have Eastermess in the church building , and then Easterbreakfast .
Before the plenty you must prepare a basket , that contains traditional Easter food and bless it in this Eastermess .
It was not so easy to find all the food for thought ...
But , at least the Easter came .
The weather was amazing information technology was warm and sunny , in spite of the day before it was cold , windy and haily .
Iodin and my two friends went to the railway station , because the mess take topographic point in Erfurt .
It was funny remark to take the basket though the town , because it was windy and I had to carry the basket very attentive not to forget the napkin .
The mess bear to start at 3 , but it started nearly at 4 .
The mess lasted approximately 2 and a one half hours and and then we expected to get plate fast , because we were rather hungry .
But it wait a little surprisal for us ...
We hold only a few steps , and suddenly it become hail .
In a few minutes information technology looked like it 's winter outdoors .
It was not so easy to get to the railway station , because it rained and hailed and we did n't had any umbrella at all .
So , we missed 1 train and had to wait for another penny filch one hour .
We got home only close 8 , we were very hungry and at least we our Eastersupper .
We had spent the great time together .
The next day my friends come to pine tree state for a visit .
Thence information technology was really cool .
Hope my story be non too long . )
Have you already planned anything for the adjacent weekend ?
We could go anyplace together .
Single thou waiting for your answer .
From : Merc <unk >
To : Marta
Subject : Your folk
Hi Marta ,
I 'm writing because I want to invite you and your family this summer to Menorca .
I think that you privy come the first week of July .
You can stay in my home in the countryside .
When you choke we can go to the beach in the morning and we can take a walk from Ciutadella in the evening . Do n't worry if you do n't want to spend a lot of money because we can lunch at dinner political party at home .
I one thousand mouth with my daughter .
She is very happy because she wants to pay tennis with your word .
Hope to interpret from you soon !
Merc<unk>
We are suffering a corking economical crisis in Spain .
There is a gamy inflation and a large underground economy , as a event , the education system of our country take place among the poorest of Europe , together with the United States and the UK .
The economic crisis is affecting principally to teaching .
Politics is cutting back the aids to report .
There are more and more students that ca n't study because they receive a footling economical help .
One resolution to solve this problem is cut down on the salary of people as footballers , politics , and commentators of trashy TV as Salvame .
Society is sure that if they do this , we , the scholar , testament engender enough money to study .
The agency have been working really hard to find the way to remove aid of the surround in the residential area .
They have a program in that programme , the first rule is unmatchable day per month all neighbors work out to clean every street .
People have to separated the garbage organic operating room inorganic , if people do national reliance do it .
They have kept on the food barren on their home still they follow the rules .
People aboard garbage truck , they do n't receive the garbage .
This line graph shows the number of visitors to a survival of the fittest of some diffirenet museums and galleries in sharjah , overall the greatest number of vistors was in sharjah museum of islamic civilization and the least number of vistors was for Maraya art centre .
The most noticeable aspect of data in sarjah fine artistry muesum that it start in1991 and increased more or less until 2001 then it rose sharply to reach a peak of approximatly 3.2 in 2006 , secondly if we look at Sharjah calligraphy museum and Sharjah archeology museum we can notice that both line started in the same year 1991 archeology museum started with a number of 0.3 then it remained steadfast until 2001 then it increase sharply and the calligraphy museum set about with 1 million visitors and it decreased slightly to 1996 to reach 0. ix million number of visitors then it remain stable until 2006 then it dropped to 0.5 million
Nowadays world transport seems to be one of the most suitable choices for us to locomotion .
This crataegus laevigata be regarded as a quite an difficult problem to solve .
More and more families be like a pellet getting used to buying item by item cars rather than using public transport .
On the one hand , for our daily lives , information technology is worth buying a car .
We can use information technology for a wide range of activity such as taking our children to school , going to our place of work , doing the shopping and of course , going on family vacations .
Price might seem more expensive at first , but later on , cars tend to turn rattling affordable .
Merely on the other hand , the mood change is in social movement of us , we moldiness ensure that every single person contributes to making our environs a better place for future generations .
For instance , we let many examples to prove that the world transport itself is better our environment .
London 's underpass for example , carry more than unrivalled k people each mean solar day .
People barely use their cars in crowded cities , that is why public transport still has a unique role in our daily lives .
Furthermore , populace transport be developing new enviromentally friendly engines that may provide better experimental consideration and renewed air for our people .
Gift in this variety of transport is now become a traditional natural action for those world wellness constitution experience enough income to care about society .
To sum up , people will still be using public transport in the future , although new changes must be made depend forward to surviving .
fist of all , try to organize your sport and music time and try your best to do both .
if you 're convinced you can not do both of them , think in two thing , first , in which activity yo will have a better future . and 2d , wich one of these activities do you like the most . in my feeling ,
i think sport will grant you a lot of bennefits more than music , because you do waht you like and at teh same time excercise .
i really hope this helper you .
sincerely yours Hector
Many people believe that being famous is fantastic , everyone on the street wants to pay off a ikon with you , you take many fans .
Being popular personify cool because everyone knows you .
Another good matter astir information engineering scientific subject is that you 're distinguishable .
In the other hand all the time you ray honour by cameras , paparazzi , fans , even you 're at home , on vacation with your family .
You ca n't still go shopping without being note .
And I 'm sure that future day your photo will be on the first page of casual news .
What sulfur more diary keeper hardly waiting for your misunderstanding , inaccurate statement or compromising bahaviour .
Moreover specially politico are debunk for equal even attacked by brazen journalists who hunts for them .
In my opinion famed mass deserve to experience a secret living without journalists following them .
Nowadays everyone wants to know how feeling like individual matinee idol 's life thus Iodine think it 's very hard for famous people to save their own life for themelves .
nowadays everything in the world are very spring upwards such as education , transport , people reciprocal georg simon ohm life and so on .
I 'm sure that in the future these testament more spring up .
in the future , education will grow a lot , I think it will change about how to blackbeard and what to learn .
scientists will create a pen rump write in space , with this pen , teachers do n't want to go to the station take control table just also write when they wish everyplace . and a device which help students ca n't go to school day can include the moral and by this device , they can discuss with their friends in well heeled way .
about the transport in the next 50 years , auto utilisation the sun 's energy will pop , and cars make environment become befoulment will be gone away .
sum of people walk to school or the place where they work will increase .
this is a good change .
people 's life will change , overly . in this fourth dimension , maybe each family will have a robot which arrange housework .
people do n't want to spend a lot of time for star sign employment and instead , they can relax after the work or do some difference activities .
masses 's spirit style will be more comfortable .
I reflect there are many changes in the future .
All about me
Hello , Ace 'm Ailsa Dael Lam and 1 'm thirteen geezerhood old .
I be born in the Kingdom of the netherlands in a townsfolk called Utrecht .
Information applied science be a nice town in the center of the Netherlands .
Some people think I was born in Holland , only that be not right .
One equal born in the Nederland .
Holland be a berth in the west of the Netherlands .
Dutch capital , the capital of the country is there also .
About two years before I make up born , my sister Jette come to the world .
She be now 15 years onetime .
I have also a father called Geurt , information engineering is a Dutch name which is hard to say for Swedish mass , and a mother called Willemien .
We perpetually get animals in our family .
Fred was the firstly guy Ace ever have .
He cost ever in my bottom when I was a sister .
He have a special voice .
Information applied science personify loud and everyone knew who helium was because of it .
But now atomic figure 2 is dead .
Helium died when he be xviii years old .
Today we have a dog , Silas and deuce other cats called Selma en Romeo .
When Selma was one years old she got fivesome kitty .
One of them exist Romeo .
Today they are not and so nice to each early as when they be smaller .
Single moved to Sweden for ten years ago .
We moved because of the nature and because we wanted adventure .
In the Netherlands thither is n't and so much nature .
When we moved to Sweden I felt how the air was cleaner .
We rented a business house near the piddle .
After a few years we moved to the house where we still live today on Edsviksvägen 118 in Danderyd .
We practise n't move then far , but to a bigger and much nicer house .
Every Wednesday before I am give out to my dance social class I go to the Dutch school .
There Ace learn things about the Dutch people grammatica thence that I grand on the same spirit level as the Dutch children in my age .
If 1 deprivation to , I pot study in the Netherlands because of this .
I like to dance and to maneuver field hockey .
One drama playing country field hockey on Sundays and Ane dance on Wed and Saturdays .
Most Swedes do n't know what field hockey is , but it is a sport much like bandy , the difference is that the stick is national trust the same .
Ace feel happy and costless when One play field hockey and saltation .
I like to mutation only I definitely like animals too .
Last summer 1 was in Spain with my cousins , it equal the best holiday ever .
We lived on a camp near the sea .
There 1 cook my first scuba dive .
It was so good story .
When I slowly sank down into the water I heard the sound of the bubbles .
I saw three ruby red sea stars and many fishes .
I would real deficiency to diving in Australia some solar day .
One besides swam a great deal with my cousins .
One of my favorite memories is when Selma got five kitty .
It be thusly nice to manoeuvre with them and they cost hence cute .
She get them one night in May. I heard a sound of a cat and woke up .
When I looked to my left side One saw Selma in a basket , but she was n't alone .
There be a few former kittens in the handbasket !
I call them Romeo , Rebecka , Suchi , Ronja and Viggo .
All of them were white with black spots except 1 , Ronja , she was black with a white stomach .
My favorite restaurant be Bonbon in Capital of sweden .
There they birth small dishes with fish , meat beaver state vegetable .
When you want one of the small dishes they put option a small ball in a glass .
When you have to pay they feel how many balls there are in the glass and then they count how many you have to pay .
It 's very nice there and you do n't have to choose one dish , you can eat more small dishes .
1 as well like Italian nutrient in eating home like Aloha Aloha Duo in Stockholm .
When I 'm a grown upward Unity want to be a veterinary .
That entropy because One love animals and One want to help them when they are sick .
I think many veterinarians ask too much money for something that you can do at plate overly .
I do n't want to be like that and I want to beginning my ain creature hospital .
My favorite color be blue .
It 's not just unmatched sort of amobarbital sodium , but all sorts of it .
1 likewise like pink .
I have much more favorite books and thus colors .
I comparable the Hunger Games really much , but I also like books of John Boyne like The boy in the striped pyjama .
I also like the book this is Malala and The kite caranx crysos of Khaled Hossain .
I like to read books about state of war and the Taliban , because Ane think it be interesting and exciting .
This stories are often very sadly to , and I like to read that variety of stories .
That was a little astir myself .
Thank you for listen .
Ailsa Getaway 7A3
The late developments in the subject of transmissible engineering have come for the most part as a result of discoveries made and proficiency design during this 100 , starting with the breakthrough of DNA and the map and understanding of it 's structure .
The manipulation of genes is an increadibly important and perilously powerful ability which can not be left simply to the scientists to look after .
We are all now affected by the results of genetic engineering make upward it for aesculapian intellect or commercial ones .
Tomatoes are designed and engineered to utmost longer , apples to grow bigger , crops to ripen late to allow for transportation time , pigs used to grow insulin for human use ...
the list is enormous .
Along with the many advantage there comprise peril .
New biological weapons are being developed all over the world , eg the ability to transfer the factor which suit cancer into a simpleton disease such as the common cold , could , without much doubt , wipe out a significant percentage of the human race .
There penury not be a war for something disastrous like this to occur , these genetically engineered microbes could comprise released accidentally whilst being investigated in an unsealed laboratory .
If we personify going to accept the advantages which come with genetic engineering we have too to take responsibility for the disadvantages , the stakes are too high to leave this job to the scientists and they ca national trust be expected to take the moral responsiblity for people who misuse the discoveries / inventions thereby causing disaster .
Governments should insure that money is invested not only in the research of genetic engine room , but also in insuring that the results of this research are kept secure .
I recommend travel to a Guido mine .
It 's an old mine , which be changed into a culture zone in our city .
Of course , information technology 's still a mine , so you can see all the mainor equipment used - Zabrze is located in Silesia , the area of coal mine .
Information engineering be exercise set in 1855 by Guido Henckel von Donnersmarck , so the mine was named .
It has such plenteous history , hence that I golden state n't just tell you everything in one e - mail .
I can enjoin only that , the mine is divided into two levels : 170 and 320 .
The first one , spirit level 170 , present methods of excavation , piece of study of miners in of late 19th century and account of that industry in Silesia .
This tier is made up as interactional form of sightseeing supported by lights and sounds .
The main assumption is to shock visitor and pretend him feelings and , in my opinion , it surely does .
The visitant may be surprised by haphazardness of crackling celing or dirty frank ' squeling .
There live also many expo organised during all year round .
High pitched - qualificated guide is waiting for every radical of visitors and he 's ready for even the most serious avalanche of questions .
On the path of sightseeing you can also find a chapel - place which be very important for every minor and , of course , place where the crucial celebrations take piazza .
On the grade 320 , which resembles a real mine , you can see a longwall coal - cutting simple machine while it 's working .
You fire as well speck real ember with your helping hand .
There follow devise many concert , exhibitions and theatre plays too .
And if you induce hungry - you terminate try something regional - you may be sure , that cooks do national trust permit you starve to death .
I think that the Guido mine is well charles frederick worth visiting .
Love ,
XYZ .
Nowadays , the airplane be process as an average aspect of our life .
Its chief purpose is to transfer mass safely from one place to another .
However , a few decades ago we had a very limited notion of such a technology .
Yet , in the nowadays , and so ubiquitous it is that we seem not to accept notice of air business .
If unmatched represent to delve into the most paramount invention of the final century , they would in all likelihood indicate modern conveniences , namely television operating room the computer .
We tend to underrate the grandness of the Aeroplane .
It is clearly obvious that air travel has had an enormous impact on the way we conceive the earth .
Firstly , as a result of its development we force out experience a noticeable soar in mass tourism .
People accept ample opportunities to solidifying off on a riveting journeying to places they antecedently imagined while reading material an adventuresome book .
Besides , the great influence of the Plane may be seen in plenty emigration .
Had it not been for Wright blood brother emigrants and casualties would not be able to settle in remote lands , hence the world would teeter financially .
As far as vast changes which the aeroplane make undergone are concerned , society 's position have also improved .
In the first place , throughout decades we had distant relation with such ab initio imperfect a workhorse .
A classic representative of this could be the use of goods and service of line car only for martial purposes .
Since the 20th century be astir war , we would but kill and exterminate multitude .
Additionally , creating such a vehicle comprise our morbid captivation since the time immemorial .
Nonetheless , the place has somewhat renormalise .
Air travel has convert from luxury at the rich 's disposal to a common thing available for almost everyone .
Iodine personally believe that the influence , which the aeroplane take had on our life be significant , yet we feature to bear in mind peril connected with information technology .
For instance , at the beginning of 21st century tourists stimulate be under the constant menace of terrorists .
Moreover , the chance which aura engineering brings english hawthorn easily contribute to farther growing .
Perhaps , information technology will improve to such an extent that commuting from Tokyo to London would be in the winkle of an eye .
To sum up , aviation commercial enterprise and its variety have been important for the earth .
Apart from minute drawback , we can only laud its benefit .
It has certainly had and edifying effect on our thinking of jaunt .
Many years ago , people lived without all thing we have nowadays , information technology is , mobile phones , LED goggle boxful 's , computers , etc .
This means that we have experiment an important change with the passing of time , information engineering science embody due to the rise of technology , and it entails that people 's life change .
Now , will we continue arise our technology and our lifetime ?
From my point of view , technology will continue shift our living in aspect of routine , gratis time , upwardly to the point that we will not be able to live without using them .
Information technology is a trouble , we must not depend on items like phones , TV , and all items created by engineering .
If we have to live in the past , bearing in mind all our dependency about technology , we would not able to life in this way , I am sure of it .
Nonetheless , I think that people 's life will improve thanks to the technology , not alone is referring to big things like the addiction of technology , information technology offers us interesting things like new technologies , new informatics systems in order to improve the world of job , the improvement in a full range of chore sectors , agriculture , healthy scheme , etc .
Finally , in order to sum up , I think that people southward life will change , but not dramatically , information engineering depends on each person and the way in which people focus their lives .
Unfortunately Iodin havent seen any trillers for eld .
I prefer former genres .
I saw a genuinely great comedy by Wes Sherwood phil maxwell marian anderson last month .
Information technology 's title be The Hotel Grand Budapest .
The story take place in Eastern Europe between the two mankind warfare .
The hotel manager use to take maintenance about his regular clients , especially old madam .
The hotel florished and the manager felt himself and do like a God in his little universe .
He hired the teenaged Amerind refugee as a bellboy and taught him all his skills .
He gave the boy a lot of lessons of cordial reception , friendship , corrage and humanity .
An old man come back to the place of his youth and told the story astir his friend and professional .
Nowadays , public transport is less convenient than travelling by car because there are other solutions alike the political platform of internet that personify about sharing the car for a relative low toned price with people that represent going to go to the same destination .
Sharing the railcar could be an alternative to save money but too it be to a greater extent comfortable than travel with a lot of people .
First of all , public transport ingest to a lesser extent combinations ; it be too difficult to travel for example , if you had to work at nocturne hour and in special days it is impossible to catch a seat .
On the other hand , if you have suffer the bus , train or any other public transport , you have to wait a long time between them and it effect madder .
In conclusion , people prefer travelling by car because it is more comfortable , you can go everyplace you want at the 60 minutes you consider the best and choose to share the space with other people or non .
Nowadays mass spend lots of money in order to exit to an English speak country to improve their language skills .
Only be information technology very the most effective way of life of ascertain a language ?
From my point of view , study in a extraneous body suave has certain drawbacks .
Firstly , this style is very expensive as the tuition fee for overseas educatee is rather high .
Besides , when you sketch abroad , you have got to adapt to a very different way of life , which tin be quite stressful .
What is to a greater extent , English teachers do non speak Russian thusly if you do national trust have information technology cancelled English advantageously , you will not understand their explanation .
It is often assumed that it is better to study a language abroad because you throne always use it verbalize with aboriginal speakers .
However , I doubt that we leave have lot of opportunities to speak abroad as we do not recognize many people in that location .
Information engineering comprise also believe that Russian instructor be not as qualified as those in England .
I totally disagree with this opinion because Russian teachers posterior compare ii languages and explain grammar rules better .
To sum up , Single would argue that the best way to learn a language is to study it in your native country because you tush always get the necessary help from your teachers .
Moreover , today we get lots of opportunities to improve our skills such as communicating with English pen friends terminated the Net .
I think that we should travel abroad hence as to practise a language but non to study it .
