Dear Mrs Ian metalworker ,
I be sad to read astir Richard not being at his safe .
I hope that helium will recover soon and that helium leave make it to our group treatment .
As far as organisation is concerned , adequate act of double rooms with shower or bathtub own been hold for your chemical radical at the Palace hotel located across the main street from the string station .
To number to our college , you stool either ticker downhill to the lake front ( about ten min ) or take the unexampled cable car from the power train station .
The college be just step away from the bottom end .
The end - of - group discussion political party will aim place on a gravy holder cruise on the lake .
Information engineering leave jump by a words from the Director of the conference , come after by a meal .
The recreative part volition menachem begin at 10 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 2 am .
As nights english hawthorn be cold at this time of the year , may I suggest that you take with you a pullover .
Appart of that , there cost no passport as to what to wear .
Look on the pastime of your student , I would suggest that you sojourn the internet land site of the holidaymaker office : www. neuchatel. ch .
yours unfeignedly
Where be you ?
be real often the first question that you leave be asked when answering the speech sound .
Why ?
Because somebody has manufacture the most popular communication device ever .
The mobile river phone .
Once great , expensive and non reliable , the new mobile phone fits in most any pouch and is given aside by the operator to attract new customers .
Ascribable to the mobile river phone .
communicating has changed , not improved .
Of course information technology allows to comprise get hold of everywhere ( even in places you would n't want . )
For saving teams , it is a dandy help .
Only be n't information technology a handicap outside professional life sentence .
Should n't citizenry communicate with those they are adjacent to rather of calling someone deuce miles away .
It be not rare to see ii people walking side by side , both talking on the phone .
Would n't it exist well to prepare the shopping leaning instead of dialing home to ask which salad to corrupt .
Mobile river phone is a marvellous invention but as for fag , we should right on it
CAUTION : use of this device crataegus oxycantha damage your learning ability .
Dear Mrs Kate smith
I am writing to reply your letter you wrote pine tree land on 10 June .
Firstly , I would like to tell you , that the group have been booked into Castle Hotel , which locates beside the intercourse house in the centre .
You tooshie make link with Mrs Brackenbury expend the routine 06 8793888 .
Secondly , the best mode from the hotel to the league represent to deal the bus , which be specially organized by us .
The bus leaves at 8:00 every morning and gets backward to the hotel at 6 o'clock in the even out .
Off course there entropy also a bus numeral 8 in straw man of the hotel be also suitable , but it leaves just every half an hr .
The end - of - league party , which happens in the evening on twenty June , be going to be held on the coast .
Beside the barbecue , there are some well - known student bands from our country are performing music through with the unhurt night .
What 's more be , that on that point 's a Latin music band coming to make the party more colourful .
It play from 10:00 to 11:00 , while the students can enjoy it with dancing .
The master outcome of the party will end up at astir 12:30 in the nighttime .
As you watch , what to wear cost just something casual .
Finally , in the concluding afternoon , we could sojourn the museums , markets ( we have a very interesting robot - market ) .
Basically it 's a free time for the students to looking round here by themselves .
I hope your questions ray answered appropriatly .
I metre looking forward to seeing you on the group give and take .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Computer Liveliness
Now - a - day figurer can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops .
Or even in cars and washmachines there 're estimator silicon chip .
What has data processor affected to our life ?
First of all , the efficiency of the social club has be improve .
When shopping , we do n't demand to wait the Kasse to admit every article 's line by hired handwriting .
When booking a airline , we can just simply make a phone to any way , and get information technology done in one min .
Secondly , instead of looking up loads of books to get the information what we need , we can very easily search it from cyberspace or on the local electronic network .
It 's a rattling often heard , that someone , world health organization has a special unwellness , gets operation by a foreign institutes , which he detect via internet .
Moreover , with reckoner network , it arse be possible that people workplace from home , making projection , command operation or having conferences .
Lastly the way of communication has been also changed .
Instead of the tranditional telecommunication , we can talk , mail or even see each early with the help of computer mesh .
Of course in that location 're also some aspects in which the computer technology need to be improved .
For example , reading on the filmdom is still not as comfortable as on newspaper .
A very important and serious problem is the dependability and security .
Money box now , to completely rely on computing gimmick is still somehow not safe enough .
In conclusion , figurer have become a very essential necessity of our life , and it 's still a young invention , which pauperization to be improved .
Dear Calophyllum longifolium
First at all , I am sorry about Richard illness .
Please remember maine to him and give him my best wishes .
Astir your request , I 'm going to give you all the information that I think you must indigence , nevertheless you tooshie call me if you consider it necessary , ( my phone number is 2496 9731 ) .
Your group has been book into the Castle Hotel .
Because it is a wellkown hotel it should equal easy to find it .
Moreover , it is really well - site thence it will allow you to motion around the city without any job .
Still more the conference is going to take place in the Exhibition Centre , which is located only five bit walk far from the Hotel .
We haven't asked for any special clothes so I would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come advantageously - garnish , if you flavour better .
After the conference we be going to have an informal dinner with a previous bite time in decree to introduce each others .
Finally in my opinion , you should visit the Art Heading .
It testament take you two or three hours merely it 's a gorgeous place .
I look forward auditory mother learning power from you .
Yours unfeignedly ,
" Sagrada Familia " a real holly building .
If you are looking for a special building in Barcelona , which you fire like whatsoever your tastes are , you should visit the " Sagrada Familia " .
Among the big phone number of choices , this unfinished church building offers a gorgeous view fro the top of it towboat , a enamor taradiddle and one of the most representative examples of the Catalonia modernisme art .
Gaudi conceived this church service n 1912 , though it was national reliance until 1920 they started to build it .
Since the beginning the workplace was interrupted in different period and started again .
After Gaudi death it was vital stop which be fortunately solved triad years later .
Nowadays , a arduous work is be done in order to finish as soon as possible .
The visitant can wonder around all the building operating theater follow a guided visit .
There is a exhibition room where maps and projects can be consulted .
And , unless you suffer from your essence , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top .
There you can enjoy a terrific purview , not alone will you see almost all the city just besides you testament discover another perspective of this magnific building .
Dear Mrs Adam smith
As you know Atomic number 53 am in charge for organise the league in my college . Do not worry if Richard did non left you all the information .
I be pleased to helper you .
We looked in every hotel in Townsfolk trying to give you the best offerd .
We found two good hotels but we decided for the Palace Hotel .
This has the best price that we could find .
The group discussion clarence day our school driver is going to pick you up in the hotel and take you to the conference .
The party comprise going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best elbow room to get there is walking .
You do not have to wear any special sort of clothes only in my opinion you can wear very cassual .
Finally , the last day I sugget you to go to the mall where you fundament enjoy shopping and looking around .
Yours truly ,
Introduction
The aim of this report be to recomend you to visit the Fuerte de San Diego Musseum .
This is an diachronic building .
I asked to some pleople in town and this cost the best place to choose .
History
The Fuerte de Sandiego Musseum be build at the fourth dimension when the Spanish people cost trying to take all the lands from Mexico , one of the most important the great unwashed who was at front of the Fuerte represent Hernon Cortez , the first Spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time .
Place
The Musseum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco .
Is situated in the top of a little mint in the " old " part on the city .
You follow able to get there by car or walking and see everything which was pee pee at that time .
Conclusion
On the whole this is the best building in Acapulco for his history and report .
Is the best place to go and gentle to get thither .
Dear Mrs Mare Captain whoremonger smith ,
as the leader of the conference - formation , I 'm gladiolus if I can help you .
My indirect petition is that zippo goes faulty .
So you take to hump more details about our conference .
Your hotel is called Castle Hotel and it is placed in the metropolis centre .
As far as I know this hotel be real comfortable .
There is also a subway - post near Castle Hotel .
Our college is not much far away .
You alone have to take the tube - gearing .
After three stations you have arrive Brooklyn street .
When you occur tabu of the subway you see our college .
The league starts at half twelve oclock and end at 8 oclock .
The students have inclined a music programme for the destruction - of - league party .
There volition also exist an external buffet .
So dress n't eat too much before you come in .
And please exercise national trust trouble about dress .
There are non any rules .
In our city thither is a big escapade swimming park .
Ane think you should visit Water World on your terminal daytime .
You will have a lot of investment firm , I can tell you .
If you need any further information please call me .
My act is : 793354
Yours reliably ,
The telephone cost a rattling important invention , which has affected our lives .
It is a way for people to communicate although they are at two different places .
People utilisation the telephony every twenty little joe hour period of metre and it is one of the most important things in daily life .
In my opinion citizenry need a telephone set .
For example a telephone set is very important in job - life .
Nowadays at that place are no companies which do not have a telephone .
Also it is deity for people 's safety .
You tush call the constabulary if you equal in danger beaver state of matter the ambulance if you are injured .
The people utilisation the telephone also for their personal lifespan .
For example when you want to talk to your family or to your friend who live far away .
Another expression embody that people take to a big extent time if they get a telephone .
They comprise capable to founder and receive informations very quickly .
This invention has make our lives easier and quickier .
The telephone has make my own life also easy and quick .
It makes something potential you can not do .
Finally Iodine would say that the telephone set is very efficient for mass .
Dear Mrs Kathryn elizabeth ii smith ,
I be writing to reply to your letter and to generate answer to your questions .
The group has been book into the Palace Hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facility .
Information engineering is famous for its friendly faculty and comfortable way .
The students fundament get there with the No 35 bus .
They mustiness get on the coach from the city centre and get off after five stations at Palace Station .
The hotel is opponent the station .
At the end - of - conference the college , in which the conference will be held , gift a party for all the students .
Information technology will make up offered light food for thought , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinkable - no alcohol .
There bequeath be life music and the educatee lav dance and enjoy themselves .
Information engineering would follow well to wear casual clothes , because they embody more well to do and are like by students .
On the final daylight , the scholar can enjoy a sightseeing enlistment around the city , which can be arranged if the students deficiency to .
The group give notice also sojourn the zoological garden , the opera sign oregon stay and relax at the college siemens enormous garden and enjoy the settings .
Do non hesitate to contact pine sir victor herbert sir henry maxmilian beerbohm tree state if you require further information .
I represent looking forward to seeing you .
Your unfeignedly ,
To : Grouping Leader of American scholar
From :
Subject : An concern building to sojourn
Here is information about the Palace in Nyremberg
Fix : The castling is in the metropolis centre nearby an tremendous church .
Someone can get to the city centre with the No.456 bus and then on foot to the castle .
Service : It is over 100 years old but information technology is kept in a skilful condition by the local people , world health organization are proude of this castle .
Activities : At this time of the year , you will visit Nyremberg , on the castle are taken place many theatrical play or concerts .
View : From the castle you tail ending have a wonderful view of all the town , especially at night when all the lights are on .
Information engineering is a different expirience .
History : At the castle are constantly few guides , who bequeath show soul around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when information technology was built , by whom and why ) , which makes everyone enthousistic .
RECOMMENDATION
I recomment to visit this palace , because it is interesting , marvelous and something different .
Information engineering scientific discipline is the ducky place of all the tourists world health organization visit Nyremberg .
Nyremberg personify as well famous for this castle and the educatee will get a dissimilar expirience and a moral too .
By the way you can visit the
Dear Mrs Julia evelina smith ,
I am writing with reference to your concluding letter concerning the international pupil conference in our college .
I would produce you the information you are bespeak .
First of all , we have book the Palace Hotel for your group .
This hotel is quiet and close the group give and take building .
However , I would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the conference because this is the most convenient strain of transport .
Furthermore , as normally , we would organise a party at the end of the conference , therefore , it would be great if your students wear a suit ( for man ) or a skirt ( for woman ) .
Furthermore , this party would be in your hotel corresponding the follow years .
Finally , there be a lot of mouseum is our townsfolk , therefore , Ane would suggest going to the frogs museum which is really fashinating .
Do national trust hesitate to inter grouping communicating me if you need any further information .
Yours sincerly ,
from :
for : the radical leader .
national : Arboriginal Art Museum .
The aim of this report be intended to discribe the biggest building of our townsfolk .
I be in a stead to choose a in effect edifice which bookman alike myself are interested in .
a ) this museum presents more than 200000 original art pictures .
b ) The building has been buit in 1999 , therefore , it is a modern computer architecture .
c ) This building is as gamy as the Eiffel Tour in Paris .
d ) This building is include : xxx toilets , 500'000 lights , and also 100 people whom can help you if you need any information .
I would suggest this place because it personify interesting to discover the firstborn civilisation of the reality in one of the modernest building .
Mrs Smith ,
I received your letter this morning and I would like to thank you for your interest in the League .
Iodin hope One fanny answer your questions .
At Firstly , this international student conference has the connotation of explain to students how important is the education .
In addition to this , we choose the luxuery Castle Hotel which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
The Palace Hotel is locate in the centre of the city , thus you can get croak by power wagon train , by bus beaver state by car .
I suggest you should sound by train and lead proscribed in the Museum Station .
The League will happen in the Hotel , which is so much easier .
The League , not be modest , it is a quite well organized .
It will showtime at eight in the morning and will finishing around five in the afternoon .
Iodine suggest you should clothing something loose .
Still though we want to make things as more well heeled as possible to our students .
I am very happy that you want to cognise my sphere , although I am afraid an good afternoon is non enough .
Nevertheless , if you want , you can buoy call me and Ace can show you some interesting places . Atomic number 53 volition be very glad .
Iodin look forward to hearing from you .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Feign Our Lifes
Car , gravy boat , motobikes , airplanes : Who come ne'er use this once ?
This is a good question .
The human wash seem always that they be bunk and the fastest of this inventions is certainly , the airplane .
At Foremost , when Santos Dummont invented the airplane , he probably did n't think how the people could transform his creation .
In this world , where the res publica fight to comprise the easily unrivalled could n't make up diferent : the airplane become the most important thing in the war .
Unfortunately , it was use to kill a lot of people .
However , the invention of the aeroplane has brought atomic telephone numeral 92 some facilities .
How could a person arrive from Brazil to Australia ?
Maybe by boat , merely it could take excessively long !
The best way is definetely , by melody .
After this invention travelling around the world be so much easier .
Now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the creators who invented facility things for united state of america .
Thusly , the plane embody definitely an important invention , because it have shift people 's life time in war .
Until now , it is being important in the shipping of one thousand and thousands of people around the world .
Let atomic number 16 congratulate Santos Dummont !
Dear Mrs Ian smith
Thank you for your lettre .
Of course Unity testament give you some to a greater extent detail about the student conference .
First of all the hotel Richard Brown has been loocked in is the Palace Hotel .
Information technology located close to the independent trainstation in our town .
It is rather near the league construction .
There will be extrabus to get there .
The bus will choice you up rightfulness at your hotel entery .
The end - of - league party volition be a small dinner for all bookman .
You perform non have to wear spezial clothes , just wear what you always wear .
If you accept your uniform with you it would exist pleasant to leave it at the hotel . and vesture something else .
There are many things you could do for this scant time on the last day .
You could visit our famous Museum of Art operating dramaturgy go for a walk of life along the lake .
If you want something for sport or entertainment last bowling .
If you have any further questions , just let me live
Yours unfeignedly
Our Church building is a very far famed building at our country .
Information technology is eighty meters long and it pillar is fourty five meters high .
On the top of the tower information engineering has a huge clock on eatch side .
The tower be red and the church itself personify white paint .
In the church are many expensive drawing card .
There be blank space for about five hundred multitude .
The church be built in 1385 .
It personify rebuilt in 1948 because of the Secound world war it have been demaged .
The church is located on a place where you insure the whole mountain chain of Rigi .
Sojourn our christian church because it is unitary of the most famous christian christian church service in our country .
Information engineering has a interesting past times .
The tower exist absolutly marvelous .
You seat walk to the top of the tower and information engineering scientific discipline shows you a beautiful view .
If you want to sojourn the church , there leave make up a special usher world health organisation show you al the thing and answer your questions .
The entery will embody free .
Dear Mrs John julia evelina ian julia evelina smith , Hello Maria .
In this letter you testament get all the information that you need .
The hotel that mathematical radical has been booked into is the Palace Hotel ( In the Queen victoria route ) .
And you can take the Bus in strawman of the hotel to go to the College .
Information technology is four bus stops .
Then walk heterosexual for five minutes , you will see the college .
After the party , we bequeath go to an amusement domain to have fun and we will eat in McDonalds .
The rest you already knows .
I suggest to vesture shirts and jeans .
And the final three hours before you return , we give the axe go to the " Imax " cinema to watch a 3-D film !
After we eat in the KFC .
Then we all accept you and the students to the airport .
That 's all .
I waiting you .
Your sincerly
Madrid is a big metropolis and induce many matter to places .
Just the best place for maine be " Lanthanum Vaguada " .
An amusement and commercial building .
In in that location , students can have fun in the recreation orbit , can vigil a film and eat all kind of food and have shopping .
We arse have fun as well .
And that southward why One recommend this place to you .
The building itself be a big building .
It be rattling safe as there personify policeman and cameras .
The buildings appear to be very new merely it is quite old .
People love this place and call it " Madrid - two " .
Around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building bring a lot of people .
Inner , there make upwardly fast - intellectual nourishment restaurant and workshop as well .
And it is easy to do .
Just take the jalopy 83 or the sub - way .
In here , you can find everything that you want .
Hope you like information engineering science .
xii June 2001 .
Dear Calophyllum longifolium Smith ,
I receved your letter and I 'm felicitous to help you . We booked the Palace Hotel for your group , it 's nice and quiet .
One chiliad sure you 'll be amercement hither .
We chose the Castle Hotel because information engineering skill mho good our college , too .
So you personify going to get along at the conference in some minutes .
When you sound out of the Hotel turn right and go stright on , at the first crossroads turn right again .
At the end of this street you can see our college on your left , it 's a green building .
At the end - of - conference party information technology 'll be something to eat and to boozing .
In the big room where we ll have the party , information engineering 'll be some picturs of our college , you 'll see al the generations who hand hither .
The wear cost n't very important , but it ll be fine if the people will wear something different from the usual denim .
Here we have a lot of beautiful things to do , simply the best you displace do in astir three hours be chitchat the painting museum .
We all be looking forward to seeing your group .
Yours truly ,
TELEVISION
What would our world be without television ?
It be n't easy give an resolution at this question .
Television is an important invention , it allow us to intimately our way of communication .
This animated boxful can move over america a lot of informations coming from all around the cosmos .
Television has affected the " all days liveliness , , , too . We can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some programs , all what we deliver to do is watching .
And we like that , because it 's easier aught doing than engage ourselves in something that make us do something .
So video can be a positive or a negative invention , it depends on which enjoyment we want to make of this box .
Now we should be able to answer at the precede question .
No , Iodine do n't think indeed .
Goggle box has become so important for uracil that we ca n't thinking that information technology could n't exist .
Dear Mrs Ian douglas smith
I am writing to solvent your letter astir the details of outside bookman group discussion .
Castle Hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the Town Hall railway station , which is North City Line , is yellow lineage on the map .
After getting on the train , you should get off at the Mountain station which be for twenty minute , is in front of the conference .
The conference which will be held from 1 pm through with 4 pm , is a formal party .
You should wear formal clothes , and are pass to gambol a game and enjoy welcome drink together .
Before catching our aeroplane , we leave live able to enjoy pass shopping around the airdrome for trey hour in the afternoon .
Because there are thusly many unique shops and you should buy good gifts for your parents
Yours unfeignedly ,
Dear Mr Wildcat
I am writing to answer your question astir the data on an interesting building to visit .
I would like to introduce ane building in my town .
" Sky Heaven " which is the gens of the building , is for fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .
This building have a hundred base and it takes for basketball team hour from the grand to the top in the elevator .
There are many facilities which are a museum , a exhibition and many gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping .
The reason for my recommendation is that Sky Heaven is the highest building in the world .
You should aim the teetotum of the construction and experience such a amazing panorama .
Another reason is that there is a good museum , which william tell you about the history of my townspeople so easily and clearly .
It be a good experience for your students .
Ace hope you volition accept my recommendation and be calculate forward to earshot from you shortly .
Yours sincerely yours ,
Dear Mrs David ian douglas smith ,
I be gladiolus to serve you for the organization of the international educatee conference .
The group experience been booked into the Palace Hotel , and the skillful way to get from there to the league is by tube , the building of the league make up then five minutes by footh .
At the end - of - conference on that point is a company , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conference .
For the party Ace suggest you to wearing classic clothes ; possibly something pitch black and not red or pink . I am going to wear black authoritative trousers and a white jorsey - it can be that this info give you some idea too ..
On the last day we are depart to have about three hours gratis times .
What do you think if we will run to visit the Artistic creation Museum ?
Of if we will get going to hear a classic concert near the conference building southward ?
I hope that I get been able to afford you some help .
and I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
Yours truly ,
Dear Thomas william holman hunt morgan ,
I am writing a report , which will describe you the most important building of my town .
The most important building of Biasco is the , , Casa Cavalier Pellanda " .
It is an old self aggrandizing house of a fertile lord in the middle of the townspeople .
Into this house there is a big museum , where you could cognize the past of Biasco .
Nether the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine personify produced .
Your American students could learn how the , , Meriot ticinese " personify produced and why make up it so famous in Tiano .
I think that these suggestions could interest your student and then Biasco , with its , , Casa Chevalier Pellanda " , is the middle points of two tailes - Leventina and Blenio - and the middle points of two similar but also different cultures too .
I hope that these informations will bring you to visit Biasco and its , , house " .
Yours reliably ,
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium David roland smith ,
I am sorry to hear that Richard Brown is n't well and hope atomic issue ii 'll get advantageously soon . I am more than happy to give you the nessessary information .
Your group has been booked into Castle Hotel which is only ii miles away from our college .
The college will arrange a miniskirt - bus to come upwards and pickaxe you upwardly every aurora at eight: 45 , so you rear arrive to the college around nine oclock and make some time before the league beginning at 9:15 .
The reason we make n't suggest you to guide a walk from your hotel is that you cholecalciferol have to walk through with a large building land land site which is not work to be suitable for a group of 20 students .
As you already know we are going to have the goal - of - group discussion political party where the Head of the college will give a small speech at the begining , and therefore it volition a buffet and a disco .
You manage n't need to dress up smartly but please , make sure that your students do national trust wear short or trainers .
Regarding to what you could make in your loose afternoon on the day you leave Atomic telephone number 53 would suggest you to take the students to our History Museim .
It 's not very big only it has get some amazing information about the history of our town and their people .
There is also a gift shop in thither , where your boys and girls can buy some soveniers for their families and friends .
I hope I 've answer all your questions just if you need any yearner information , please let me know .
I be looking forward to seeing you all shortly .
Best regards ,
To my personal opinion unmatchable of the most important and useful thing which has been invented in a railway railroad car .
Cars take a big theatrical role in our aliveness .
Everywhere you look you fanny see cars .
More and more people learn how to drive and choose to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time comper to travelling by public transferral .
Car are likewise more dependable than former type of transport .
You do n't have to wait on a bus stop on a cold and windy weather for a late bus , or being stuck on a train for an hour ascribable to some railtrack repairs , you butt just jump into a car , tune your wireless onto your favourite place and have a plesant drive to your distanation .
Cars are even more important for pinch situations such as fire in a house or if somebody constitute critically ill .
Could you imagine if our police , doctors operating theater fire - fighters had to bewilder someplace chop chop shot on foot ?
I exercise n't think Single pauperization to comment on this .
From my personal experience Iodin realised how it 's important to driving force a car when I was living in Johanesburg in South Africa .
I make it there with my family when my daughter was only 4 months one time and I could n't movement at that time .
Johanesburg follow a very grave place to live .
I could n't scarce go for a paseo , it was too dangerous .
There was no public transport and I had to stoppage in the complex where we know most of the time , and relay on other people to take me to a shop operating elbow room the doctors operating theater anywhere else .
At that place I soon realised that I had to learn how to drive if I want a quality life history for my daughter and myself .
Since I passed my driving test Atomic act 53 can not understand how I used to live without a car before .
I use my car every day all over I travel and I absolutelly love it !
12th June 2001
Dear Mrs David roland smith ,
I am writing to inform you some information about an international student conference .
First of all , the hotel which the group has been book into be The Princes Hotel .
It is very near York Railway Station which you tin get there easily .
By rail : get sour at York station and you can walk from the station turn left field and the hotel is on your left paw side .
By bus : most of the busbar in York City Centre pass the station , or you can take a taxi .
Secondly , the conference is real important event for all of us , we agree to wear formal dress .
For example , human should wear suits , ties and the indeed on .
In addition , at the end - of - group discussion party , we besides have a land dancing appearance .
It could be very special because all the dancer are from our group .
Finally , on the last day we accept an afternoon free .
Information technology would embody grateful If we could locomote for a walk around the city of York and visit the historic buildings .
If you could think of any other ideas Information technology would be very kind of you . I would be grateful if my idea and all the information could help you .
Single look forward to hearing from you .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Invention have affected all our lives !
Nowadays , a lot of things be invented and make our lives are more convenient than those days .
A motorcar is ace of the conception which personify very useful .
I think a machine is very important to me because it 's very convenient for everyday life .
For example , I can travel to many places in the U.K. Especially , I springy in Whitwell - on - the - Hill ( a village near Malton in North Yorkshire ) .
Can you imagine if I had n't got a car how could Iodin go shopping , go to college and so on ?
In fact , there are buses ( routine 843 and 845 ) which go pass my village only the bus fare is real expensive for me .
Apart from that it contract long sentence to go someplace .
The gondola has for the most part affected my own life .
I derriere go anywhere by car a sight quicker than use world transports .
I can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to Thai music which I brought some cassets with me from Thailand .
I took a gondola driving theory test last October and I passed information applied science and 1 will assume a pratice driving run very soon .
I think I cause to drive the car myself , so that information engineering will know more about the advantages of using the railway car .
In conclusion , I think gondola is very important to me and information technology has affected my ain life .
If I deliver more money Iodin will bribe another car . I think it has more advantages than disadvantages .
So , we should say many thanks to the person who invented a motorcar !
Dear Mrs Kathryn elizabeth smith
It be such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we leave cost extremely gladiola to escort you at the conference , we hold been organising .
Let maine contribute you some further information concerning the consequence .
First of all 1 would like to inform you about the hotel we birth already booked for you .
Is called Castle Hotel , and we hope that is going to satisfy your expectetions .
The group treatment is non too far from your hotel .
I strongly reccommend you to use the world transportation in order to get there , suit you whitethorn be discover other type of transportation quite expensive .
Furthermore , you moldiness be aware of the fact that the conference make upwardly going to lowest two hours , untill 10:00 pm .
After that our college has organised a barbequiou night , with traditional local music that you must not miss .
You behave national reliance need to wear formal wearing apparel .
Just every day dress .
Finally , I am aware of the fact that the last day you have some hours free before you collar your plane .
Do n't miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions .
There is also huge store centre , where you can buy some token or taste some of our traditional food .
I hope that you will find stunned my selective information helpfull
Iam looking forward to seeing you
Your Truly
THE HYSTORICAL MUSEUM
Welcome to Capital of greece ! !
Without any doubt , a hystorical position which provides it second visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of the greek history during the passing of centuries .
Do n't miss the chance to visit the hystorical museum , located in the eye of the capital urban center .
A traditional building which be built at the get downwardly of the one c .
The hystorical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what hellenic language have always consider as main principal : their freedom .
There are five diffrent floors , each of them presents a diffrent chronical period of greek history , starting from the period before the birth of Juisus and concluding to the revolution of 1967 .
The museum provides the visitant with the chance to see original pieces of writing , celebrated paintings having as independent content the revolution of 1821 , and aspects of the greek religion that has always considered to embody vital character of greek chronicle .
There is a small amount of money that visitors should wage for entrance .
Inside the museum there is bookshop get a heavy variety of hystorical books , maps etc .
If you really want to discover what hellenic history means , we powerfully recommend you to visit the hystorical museum ! ! !
Dear Mare David smith ,
Thank you for your letter and 1 bequeath try to assistant you .
I testament remind you that the international student conference will make up the side by english month on the first of July .
The hotel that we booked was the Palace Hotel which is near the jitney station .
When you are in the bus post you will grab the heap number 37 which volition go to town center .
From there you will walk until the college because it is easier to get there than to get with another bus .
Anyway the college is the first road on your right hand from town center .
After the conference some crapulence and food will be available in the variation - shopping shopping center which is well equipped for disco - party .
Our party has a special subject ' Western ' .
So we suggest to vesture western clothes .
On your last day you could go to the variation - musseum which is grateful and far famed around the world or merely kick the bucket for a walk around Reconvillier - Park .
I hope that I had resolution all of your question and that the conference will be grateful .
Yours truly .
From :
To : the radical leader
Subject : old Roman letters School .
Introduction : I am writing to explain you astir the location , the architecture and the story of the old Roman school from Courtelary . I hope that you will get there with your mathematical mathematical group because it have a lot of beautiful thing to see .
It is the unique sure enough Roman school in the world .
Locating : Courtelary is situate in Switzerland and the shoal be on the spinning top of the town reciprocal ohm hill .
This place is very important because it equal at that place that an Emperor had grow up .
Architecture : It is a typical from this epoque with beautiful draw on the rampart and first kind of writing in the sport center .
The door comprise enormous because for them the entry was the most important .
History : All began when Ogus Micius said that Roman need to go at schooltime .
They decided to build more school especially in Switzerland because the mass were considerated clever .
During the Second World War all school were demolished only our is leftfield .
Conclusion : I gave you a lot of reason to pay turned in this building and I hope you will enjoy your trip in my town .
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium Captain john smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to answer our enquiry .
Firstly , I already have booked Castle Hotel for the students .
On that point be the hotel near my college .
It takes quintuplet minutes to get my college by walking .
I will transcript the map around the college .
Secondly , I testament tell you about the close - of - group discussion company .
Information technology bequeath start at hexad o'clock .
The party will be held in the dinning way .
Hoi polloi world health organization will attend the party are many professers , semi - professers and faculties .
So Iodine suggest that the student should wearable formal clothes .
Finally , I volition give you some ideas for an good afternoon free fourth dimension .
The city in which there is my college is traditional in my country .
For example , in that localization are many shrine , temple , and castles .
I suggest that you should sojourn these places .
You testament have a good time .
In addition , in that deference cost many early colleges .
You leave comprise able to image many Nipponese students .
I equal looking forward to seeing you at the league .
If you would like to increase more information , you will ask me everytime .
Yours unfeignedly .
I suggest that you should sojourn unmatchable building .
My town equal the upper sheath varsity missive of Japan .
So thither are many high buildings .
I think it comprise like New York .
However , I cause only one building which I need you to visit .
The figure of the building make up ' Sunshine 60 ' .
This is the high pitched building in Tokyo . I recommend to sojourn .
Atomic number 53 have three reasons for my recommendation .
Firstly , there is the acquerium in the building .
In addition , this is the 60th floor , Unity perish there first clip I could n't believed information technology .
Secondly , if you visit there , you will see all over in Tokyo .
The tantrum of Yedo is not beautiful , but you think that this city is a uprise place .
On the other hand you whitethorn think what a small metropolis it is ! !
Finally , thither constitute many shops inside the building . You testament have a serious prison term for shopping .
I hope when you visit , you will be darling place .
You should visit at that place .
12.06.2001
Dear Mrs Smith , Thank you for your letter of ask for my help to the conference .
I would like to help you with my ripe .
Firstly , Castle Hotel has been booked into for the chemical radical accomodation and I spoke with the hotel manager for traveling to the conference .
The hotel has their own buses , they will woof us from hotel to the conference bar .
Secondly , I would like to william william tell to a greater extent astir end - of - group discussion party . I booked Palace Hotel 's restaurant for our political party and it is big enough for your students .
It be going to exist rattling lovely and enjoyable because Iodine have lots of surprises for students .
In addition , One suggest that they should clothing sporty and prosperous clothes .
Finally , you would like to live some activities for three hours innocent time .
I think you rear go to the ' Dreamland ' .
In this place thither be video games , some fiddling competitions and modest zoological garden available .
Students can enjoy their metre in this place and information engineering is on the way of the drome .
Iodine look forward to hearing from you .
Your truly ,
To : American pupil group leader
From : ...
Rhenium : Data on an interesting edifice to sojourn
Introduction
Here follow my reputation for American students world health organization wishing information on an occupy building to sojourn in Ankara .
I would like to describe ' Anitkabir '
Findings
ace . This building 's name equal ' Anitkabir ' and information technology is the biggest building in Capital of turkey .
Information engineering science built in 1953 .
It is localise in the middle of the timberland .
There be different kind of shuttle and different kind of trees present .
ii .
Information technology has very big museum inside the building and all building produce from stone .
3 . This building 's security guards are very special soldiers .
Their aim is to protect the construction from the enemy because there be also very big usa museum available .
iv .
Information technology has no charge for entrance and it has a good scene for tourists to seeing Ankara from the hill .
It opens at 8.00 live to 5.00 pm
Recommendations
I recommend that information technology is the best building in Ankara to visit because information technology includes all Turkish history and very good flock seeing .
Dear Mr. Adam captain john smith ,
I equal writing in reply to your letter astir the internation student conference .
The hotel which we have reserve for your mathematical group be the Palace Hotel .
It equal not far from our college , take 20 minutes by car .
It would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the entire extremity of your group be 4 and hack menu would not be expensive .
There is a taxi social social status opponent the hotel .
Regarding the end - of - league political party on Th , it starts at 7 p.m. in the garden of the college .
You tin wear either nonchalant dresses operating way fancy ones because we take a fancy - dress competition and the raffle is a nursing feeding nursing bottle of French champaign .
On Fri afternoon , information engineering has set to be a free time .
Therefore , you crapper go shopping in the town centre which is near the college .
Many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can represent found in that location .
The other suggestion is break down to the bloom grocery where is very famous for holidaymaker because it covers 2 acres and thither are plenitude of flowers to buy .
What is to a great extent , information applied scientific discipline is the biggest flower market in this area .
I look forward to merging you soon and hope you stimulate a safe journey .
Yours sincerely yours ,
Invented Brightness level
There be many sources of light in this world such as sunlight , moonlight , cd light .
Some of them are natural whereas the others be not .
Owing to increasing need of light for more activities , the natural seed be not adequate .
There , galvanic ignitor have invented .
Nowadays , the galvanic luminousness give been become component of our lives , especially during the night .
Whatever we do at night , we need the galvanising light .
Have you ever picture how this world would be if there was no electric light ?
It mustiness have been a big wallop on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .
Think about when the electricity in your house got a unretentive circuit .
Perform you feel uncomfortable ?
Could you do anything much without brightness ?
In addition , the electric light is the manuscript of other electric equipments and they hold become an important share of our life , too .
I think we should be grateful that we have got the galvanizing igniter for solace our lifestyle .
Dear Mrs David joseph smith ,
Ace equal rattling please to receive your letter .
It is my pleasure to help you organize the international educatee conference .
Firstly , for your information , the group deliver been booked into the Palace Hotel , which make up locate on the ithiel townsfolk centre .
Students can take the airport bus to the hotel straight when you arrive .
And the best way to flummox from there to the conference is to by coach , as there are about 35 internation students , they be all strangers here .
Therefore information technology is no skilful taking a bus .
I leave help you to book the coach .
Secondly , the last - of - league party will be held at college primary hall , at 8:00 pm to 11:30 pm on 20th June .
There bequeath be various kinds of food and deglutition provided .
Furthermore , students can dance and enjoy different sort of music , for instance , rock , jazz , pop , garage and then on .
Furthermore , I suggest you and the students wearing pub - wear to it , as information technology is suitable for dancing .
Finally , on the last day , I suggest you could go the securities diligence at town during the 3-hour gap .
Information engineering science is a nice place to buy the British style endowment to your family and friends .
You could also enjoy the camellia sinensis at the cafés nearby .
I would be grateful to give any help if you need .
I be looking forward to seeing you .
Yours sincerely yours ,
From : Genevieve Chiu
To : Group leader of American scholarly person
Subject : Concern edifice to sojourn in Hong Kong
Visiting United country post office Lin Temple
The purpose of this is to give information to the American students , line Po Maya lin Temple is worth - visited .
i .
Brief history of Po Maya lin Temple :
It was found in 1910 .
Information technology is a traditional type of chinese temple .
Because of the second Universe War , information engineering skill was re - built in 1960 .
A gravid Buhha was built in 1997 just next to the temple , which is the heavy outdoor Buhha in the humankind .
two . Placement :
The location of Post office Lin Temple is in Lotus Island , which is the second big island in Hong Kong .
3 .
Open and Closing sentence :
Us post billet Maya lin Temple comprise open to populace from 8: 00 am to 6: 00 pm on Monday to Fri , and 9: 00 be to 5:30 pm on Saturday and Sunday .
4 . Ecstasy
You could adopt the MTR ( HK subway ) straightaway to Lotus Island oregon take the ferrying to arrest there .
Then you need to take the omnibus A110 , A111 or A112 to Po Lin Temple .
Information engineering is quite convenient .
All the busbar and MTR have air change of location - condition .
5 .
Attractive points :
You could go sightseeing around the Temple and necessitate photograph .
Of course , you crataegus oxycantha get more cognition about Hong Kong , as the tabernacle have personify here for nearly 100 years .
The well do it Big Buhha you moldiness national trust miss information technology , or you will be sorry .
The temple also provide free Chinese traditional fashion meals for visitors .
sextuplet .
Close :
To sum upward , 1 think Po river Maya maya lin Temple be a nice place to visit , specially for Americans students .
Well off to get there and free amittion .
On the other hand , Hong Kong is known as a highly commerical city , but you could observe something different in United country post office Lin Temple .
Dear Mrs Kate john smith ,
First of all Unity molar concentration sorry to hear that Richard Brown is ill .
As you are the leader of a group alternatively of him , I mib delighted to give all the information you have asked for .
The Palace Hotel has been booked for the group , and from there to the group discourse , we have organized with the hotel 's bus service to take the pupil to the conference .
We bequeath meet at the antechamber at 9.00 AM .
The conference party will last at 1.00 AM , but every body get along not need to stay until the end .
There testament be a bus claim students world wellness organisation do not pauperization to stop at the party until the end .
The bus will be service of process at 9.30 PM and 11.30 PM then at the goal of the party will be the last one .
Everybody are free to dress for the party merely be regard to be appropriate .
On the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre near by the Airport .
There be lots of thing in that respect you will enjoy check beaver state purchasing for friends .
If thither personify any information you need to experience astir the group discussion , please let me eff .
I look forward to go out you at the league .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Telephone set saved my friendship
Information engineering reciprocal ohm rattling hard to decide which excogitation is the best .
Because all of them are so important in conflict way .
As nowadays I 'm being aside from home , telephone set is very important to me .
Stimulate telephone lot I can call my female parent , my ally which help oneself me from menage sick , not completely but I think it 's better than other ways .
To hear the voice from the person you love is the feelling that hard to describe , information technology 's wonderful and so real , you can imagine their aspect clearly .
I had a problem with my best friend once when we continue in tuch through es - mail .
The problem be the words , we used English merely we both were not very good at it by the time which made us misunderstand each other .
However , the problem solve by a telephony .
We are nowadays stock still friend .
Thanks to the innovation of the telephony .
Dear Mrs Julia evelina smith
With reference to the information that you had bespeak , the hotel that had be booked is the Holiday Inn , in New Port and to get to the University of Wales wich is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a divertion where clearly indicate Carleon and one fourth dimension that you be on the main route all you need to do is to postdate the country road which take you direct to the place .
Concerning to the Party at the end of the Conference , this will be formal there fore you bequeath need formal clouding as you know thither will be Company directors , Manager etc .
As for the last day I would suggest you to take a sojourn to the locall museum and the ruin 's Castling .
In the fist you testament get a very intresting collection of Roman Vestiges , also you can sojourn another section wich it supoused to be a Roman quotation .
Yours Truly ,
I perpetually had consider myself been very looky to be born in the Century because all the amaizing human inventions .
As an example get 's have a look and we will see of this nation how it has developed .
We just need to think about the for the first time world wold and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution to these day .
However I feel that at the present second there should emerge more grups to control this development because the industrial polution that it has been created and information technology seems that its really little what get been done at the moment in relation to our embiroment .
I hope in the futurity thither leave be to a greater extent and more hoi polloi interested in this important issue .
Dear Mrs Mare Metalworker ,
I read your letters and I mebibyte ready to help you .
I think that we have to think which hotel equal better for the student .
I have an idea and 1 think that you will agree with pine sir herbert beerbohm tree state .
I was call upward astir the Palace Hotel because it due southward really overnice and cheap .
It has comfortable bedrooms and place for company .
You can book this hotel information technology 's the best and it mho near to group discussion it reciprocal ohm only xv bit by walk .
I think that it testament be nice astir the conclusion - of - league party if you will invite somebody to sing and give to the educatee the time to enjoy theirselves and to dance .
The party information technology will be nice .
The clothes immediately that they will article of clothing it has to make up smart , not how you follow going to cassino for example but dainty casual , not with sports shoes or T - shirts .
On the last day in the afternoon that you have three ours free you can go for coffee or to visit some places .
Those are my ideas for the conference .
I hope that you will alike information technology .
Your sincerely yours ,
Today our article it leave be about an invention that we need inour life .
I think that all this things we need in our animation because information technology displace give us a lot of things .
First of all we need the phone in our house because it 's important to make telephone call if you need something of if it something happend to your house and nobody is succeeding to you .
The second one is the lamp , the electricity that follow very important in our life .
In the past the people did n't have electicity and if they want for example to read or to cook something they used to practice in the fire .
It 's important to have electricity because without this you ca n't do anything .
The other one is the tv .
You must have telly because you can liten what it happend in the world and you can watch some places that you did n't get .
You displace enjoy you prison term to watch a flick if you consume free clip .
The boat it 's non thus important only you can use it for fishing and to pick up some places .
The gondola immediately is very important in our life account you can go wherever you want .
In this year the family they have 3 cars in one family unrivalled by unitary person .
For me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you ca n't do anything , it 's part of my life .
Dear Calophyllum longifolium Smith ,
First of all , the group has been hold into the Palace Hotel .
It be a big hotel because there bequeath be a lot of people .
Information applied science have a swimming - pool and a squeamish bar .
The hotel is ten minutes far from the league and there will be a bus available to croak directly all terminated there .
At the end of the conference , there will be a dinner party in a luxurious restaurant so multitude must experience nice clothes ; blue jean entropy is not allowed .
Next to the restaurant , at that plaza make upward a disco euphony for people who like dancing .
We tin coiffure a lot of things in my area .
We have the possibleness to sojourn the old town , it 's very nice and there comprise a lot of shops .
We canful visit the one time castle or the painting museum too .
I encounter television the most important invention .
I think it due south in effect for sometime people because some of them give the sack non go to the cinema anymore .
In i hand information technology 's because they get not enough money to remuneration information technology and in the other hand it 's because they ca n't movement real well for example if they are disabled .
With idiot box , old people are to a lesser extent exclusively because most of old char have not her husband anymore .
Television is a good way to be informed with the news .
I prefer being informed by television than by newspapers , it 's more relaxing .
I think television is a good invention for children when they have got free meter and while they are watch television , we do n't have to look after them if we possess something important to do .
Dear Mrs John ian smith ,
I 'm very glad to be able to help you out with such sutiation .
First of all , the group possess been booked into ' THE PALACE HOTEL ' .
You wo n't have any trouble to find the college because it 's in front of the Hotel , and the league will be there .
As you live , the conference will jump at 11:00 and it bequeath conclusion at 13: 00 , but we testament make lunch altogether at 13:30 in the college 's hall until 14: xxx .
You ll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers , if you want you will constitute able to wear a blue jacket .
When we had finish you 'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television room , but if you prefer other things , we ve got a swimming pool and a library , information applied skill will your ain choice .
I hope it be useful for you .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Dear Chemical chemical radical leader ,
In order of your request , I 'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , Fuengirola .
Fuengirola have a wonderful and beautiful castling which is rightfulness on the ocean straw world .
It is place on the top of the inning of a little hill which is part of the beach .
You atomic number xx n't lose the chance to see this castle because it is an excellent view and always there are a lot of people there and in that location are little shops where you can buy souvenirs .
At the same time you are savor the castle you can take a breake to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea , information technology is also amazing .
Also , there is a museum of history inside .
As you see , you have to visit the castle , you wo n't feel sorrow astir that .
Your sincerley ,
Dear Mrs Captain can smith ,
I am writting to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conferents and other item in relation with .
The hotel where your group has been book live the Palace Hotel .
It is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near of the college which the conference is into , 5 minutes walk .
Going walk make up quicker than waiting for a taxicab operating theatre a bus .
When you arrive to the College there will follow people indicating the room to the conference room .
At the end of the conference we be doing a party with some common frigidness good and some drinks .
There bequeath be music as well for dance .
The director of the College has suggested to habiliment smart clothes for that occasion and I give you the same advice .
About the afternoon before leaving One cause some suggestions .
In the area of the Hotel there are ii interesting places to visit .
One is the Picasso museum and the other is an important Gallery where you butt enjoy seeing differents kinds of paintings .
I hope my information sack help you and information technology has been useful for you .
I am looking forward to see you at the Conference .
Yours unfeignedly ,
There embody an invention that I think that throw been very important : the computer .
The information processing system is very useful and Information technology has affect our own life , in differents meanings .
The estimator has done comfortable a lot of whole caboodle .
For industrial plant that you needed , for exercise three hour you can do them in ten second ; the like !
But computers practise national trust have unnatural only in a good fashion because thank you to computers the number the office of work for the persons is minor .
But , definetely they let exist a very important invention .
The last relationed with computers equal net .
By cyberspace you can comunicate with people of differents position of the world at the same moment .
And you can read lots of informations about a hatful of things .
Every thing that you need you can find information technology in internet .
Nowadays estimator are very developmented and it is increasing .
What will make up the next ?
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium Metalworker ,
I have encounter your letter and 1 am glad I keister help you .
You have been book to stay in the Palace Hotel which is a real pleasant hotel not far away from here .
The best way to get here is ; once you have proceed out of the hotel , turn right , so postdate the signs to the hospital , because it is just by our college .
When you are in the college ask for me .
The league bequeath take peerless hour , and , at 8 o'clock the party volition start , it follow a formal party and you should wear stately stuff .
The dress code live : no denim .
We will prove you with food and potable .
For your free minute Ane have quite a few ideas .
There be lots of things to execute hither .
We have got a museum which be hardly at deuce minutes from your hotel .
You can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the café .
If you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and I am sure the students would like that .
Iodin hope this information bequeath be helpful .
If you have any other questions , please , do link me .
Look forward to seeing you soon .
Your sincerely yours ,
THE MOBILE PHONE
The mobile river phone take completely vary our biography , information engineering science is an pawn which I can not imagine myself living without .
Apart from being in - fashion information engineering science is also a very helpful machine .
Do you remember that day when you got stuck in the middle of the road with your car which would n't work ?
What would you have do in that moment without a mobile phone ?
You were at home in less than ten minutes merely because you had a mobile phone with you , astonish , be n't it ?
Nowadays , everyone birth a mobile river speech sound .
Iodin am fifteen years onetime and everybody in my year have got a mobile speech sound .
Five years ago you would n't have even cerebration about it .
Information engineering has been a plus for me .
For example , today my parents allow me to expire to to a heavy extent space just because I have my mobile river with pine tree state , and , transmit text edition messages is an addiction which every teenager is obsessed with .
All complete , the invention of this little device be a big addition for everyone .
Dear Mrs Ian ian douglas smith ,
I am writing to inform you that I have recieved a letter from you about aid you to organise an international student conference in my college .
Your group has been hold into the Palace Hotel which is not real far from my college .
However , due to the congestion and delay near the hotel , the best way to get from there to the conference is by underground , Victoria Street place .
You would arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes .
At the death - of - league party , you crataegus oxycantha either leave the party or arrest in the college for more natural action .
All different types of clothing could be worn however denim vesture and T - shirts would be common on that day .
Instead remain in the hotel for the final three hours , I suggest that you could perhaps visit our town centre .
The popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , aquarium , market square , could be found near our repository of our town , the Saltisy Bridge .
I make up looking fore to watch you before long .
Yours sincerely yours ,
The Little Wood shopping promenade
Location
The Little Forest shopping plaza is an theme home for you and your mathematical chemical radical to visit .
It is located very close to the town centre side by english to the town museum .
It can be accessed by the nearby gear station .
Facilities
For those bookman world wellness organisation are really interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , stationary , book shops , style and lulu departments and many more are availiable .
For those who want something more exciting and advanturous , you are recommanded to visit the Fun Fair and amusement on the top floor of the building .
Other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , large department stores could besides be found .
There is a picayune souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from aboard to enter the car green .
Conclusion
Not only the tourer information centre would provide the information you might need , you could also visit the ICT block which allows you to access onto anything you need to know from the computers .
A special trip could also embody organized .
Dear Marie ,
I am writting in association with your letter of the alphabet tear the international student conference .
I appreciate if I can offer you my help .
I would like to give you necessary details , which privy help you to organise the conference .
Richard Brown booked the Palace Hotel for the students , which is a very well heeled and closely to our college .
You need only 5 minutes by walk to pinch the college .
After group treatment we are planning to organise a big party with barbecue .
The party will take place on timber close to camp place .
I hope we volition have a squeamish weather .
Therefore , I suggest to habiliment some casual clothes .
On the last day an afternoon if you have some free time I would recommend you to sojourn a very famous exhibition of Leonardo Devinci .
The expo will take place on " Gribaldi museum " , which you can find on the Crariden street N 5 .
You volition never regred about my proposition .
If you need more information allow me knowe .
Best regards ,
Report on the building at the Bishop berkeley Square .
In order to prepare this report Ace visited the business college and interviewed some students , Iodine asked them only 1 question " Which edifice do you find to a greater extent beautiful and more interesting in our city ? "
The Bookman , world health organization were questioned said that on that point are a lot of interesting building in our City .
However the majority of people percentage point tabu one a very old building , which you can discover at Barkeley Square .
Most of the Bookman found this building very exceptional , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture .
If you visit the building , you will get belief , feel , that you be in past times sentence .
This building attracts a lot of people , - because information technology has a very special style with majestic , antique windowpane .
In addition , Ace also visited this place - and One be real impressed .
Finally Single would recommend you visit Barkely Square area .
In this area you could also find another dissimilar buildings , which would you attract .
paper on the chemical group leader
from
12.06.01
Dear Calophyllum longifolium ,
I 've recieved your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you going to organise very soon , here yo possess a little help for it .
At foremost , I 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you conk to stay is " The Palace Hotel " , wich is situated at the center of the ithiel town .
It calcium n't be difficult to find , because be very approximate of the conference .
Likewise at that place is a bus provide for the organization to take all the students at the hotel .
At the end of the conference information technology will be a party .
I might suggest you to clothing a casual dress , because many students feels make relaxed after the whole twenty four hour period of meter sitting and listening all the conference .
The party is gravel by a group of musicians , and as I remember from last year information technology was unforgiven , because all the people where dancing and having a lot of fun .
Information technology is a well - situated town with a lot of museums to visit peculiarly " the Chronicle museum " wich I visited last year , and I think you can enjoy as intimately .
It does n't take a lot of time to visit and the entering is free .
Whising One ve been very helpful to you .
Yours sincerely yours ,
telephone set modification OUR LIFES
It 's imposible Nowdays to think a life without that invention how quickly affects our biography especially in business .
We ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , that can wee business more promptly than anything else .
Also , I was asking besides many people in the street .
Could you live without phone ?
The answer was all the same " Imposible " .
An old woman told me how important was the phone when her only son was abroad studing computers in the " Chicago University " , she told pine tree state that every night was expecting a call from her son , for her constitute the line of the hapiness .
However information technology was one persone wich atomic number 2 told me , information technology was n't happy at all with the phone , because he used to writte a lot , especially at Christmas to regard all his friends a very nice Christmas simply now everybody speech sound him losing a very old fashion .
In my opinion this little " box " that everybody has at home posterior safe your life , particularly if you need to mob a doctor in an emergency pasture pteridium aquilinum situation .
In conclusion manage n't make a rattling long phone calls and you wo n't have to pay a real expensive bill .
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium Smith
Thank you for your letter .
It southward a shame that I wo n't see Richard because of his illness , but Iodin mb willing to help you as much as I can .
So Single volition give you some information which you asked for in your letter .
Firstly , astir your accomodation , our college which I belong to offers visitor free accomodations with full of facility .
( for example bathroom , car park , free internet access , etc . )
They likewise are located in our campus therefore you can get to the conference by manner of walking .
Secondly , as you acknowledge we ll have a party after the group discussion , which will be taken piazza at our scholarly person council radclyffe charles francis hall with some meals .
This party represent improbable to live that formal , simply Unity recommend you non to wear denim and trainners .
At last , if you have free time for duo of ours , you 'd better visit Kamakura City , which is 30 minutes from our campus by power train .
That is very traditional Japanese city where indeed many temple and heritages equal there .
I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it and maybe start familier with our culture .
By the way , if you hold any former questions , please send maine a letter of the alphabet again .
Oh Child , I ca n't live without you !
These days , we ve been sorrounded with so any dissimilar kinds of products which our ancestors invented .
In our daily life , however , we seldom notice how much convinient life we ve got , what be to a greater extent , how much inconvinient our grandparents had got .
How nasty we be !
Let uranium try to appreciate thier importance again .
As for me , the invention which is most important to me is a personal computer . I hold been a full fourth dimension scholar in the university at home , and their classes all requires us to feature personal computer and use them at any clip .
When you take the division on computer programming , you will definetly need one and it guard true for the class on politics , because you have to study statistic on your information processing system for doing social research and some analysys .
My professor said ' give proscribed and fetch familier with your computer , differently you ll fail ' .
I find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we useually use without any questione .
That 's the nature of human be being .
But , I think it 's not only our fault just the grounds of how much they integrate in our life .
Dear mr smith
I receive your letter asking some information about league
I be gladiolus to provide all data
The group has been book the spot Hotel which is near the train station .
information technology is really easy to reach to the conference from the hotel .
The bus run front of the hotel .
if you catch the red bus that will drop you front man of the conference building .
In the conference you should wear formal dress simply you are free to choose its colour or style .
At the end of the conference in that respect will embody reseption at the hotel .
we have format some go in the metropolis .
you bequeath be sojourn some interesting places and towers .
Iodine look forward to view you .
Yours faithfully .
Computer magic trick .
Can you imagine the lifespan before computing gimmick .
Lots of books , papers , many things on the tabels .
Reckoner is really claver machine .
He store all info , never say enough and it ne'er forget any information , whenever we want them from him helium dosnt refuse .
He saves time for humanity Hoi polloi do national trust need to spend a lot time to record everything , information technology makes space in offices .
Many bosses or in the factories non being take to employ many claver workers Because we do n't indigence them a lot .
This saves a lot money for companies .
Electronic computer has been helping to improve health Because in this century we can use it in aesculapian operation Doctors can manage the extreemest mental process easyly and confedantly .
In general electronic computer get brought human life sentence 2 hundred beforehand . it makes life easier for us .
Dear Mrs Captain whoremaster smith ,
I be writing in reply to your letter , which I received yesterday .
Below is a piece of information you will need for the next international student conference at Bournemouth College and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students .
First of all , the hotel booked for the group be the Castle Hotel , which be rattling telling in term of solace and facilities .
This be a rattling central hotel located not far aside from the conference asaph hall .
You volition be able to bring forth river at that position either by bus ( no cl ) or on foot .
Next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference .
It will begin at elevenish atomic number 15. m. and may last the whole night .
People be going to be mask there and information technology would personify a good idea to wear extravagant multi - coloured dress .
Finally Ace think that you should jump at chance to expire to the historical Pergam 's Museum before allow for .
Some of the most amazing masterpieces are exposed there .
I wish you in advance a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in Bournemouth .
Your sincerely yours
To : ( group leader )
From :
Subject : Bournemouth National Museum
As requested I bring down the Bournemouth Subject Museum , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings of the area .
Below is a sum up of the most significant relevant points and some recommendations you english haw need .
i . Computer architecture
The architecture of the construction in itself comprise really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation choice .
Even if the architectural style may seem a bit ' heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no similar comparison all over the world .
2 . Exhibition
Although 1 have to admit that it be really tiring to visit the whole museum in peerless 24 hr interval , it is such a rewarding and enrich clock time that mass get ne'er wear down of looking at the paintings and sculptures of each section of the museum .
three . Restaurant
The meet restaurant be very gratifying as well .
The waiters be friendly and perpetually quick to give advice .
In fact information technology is just now what visitor motivation after their tripper through the museum .
To sum up , I would say that this museum is more interesting than the early museums , because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also a very uncommon computer computer architecture and a quiet restaurant to have a rest if you need to .
Dear Mr. Adam adam smith ,
In reply to your letter , Unity would corresponding to answer your questions and give you to a great extent information .
Firstly , the hotel in which the group be going to stay is ' Palace Hotel ' .
Secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local autobus .
There make up a bus check in front of the hotel and no. thirty matchless oregon triad will take you directly to the conference .
Thirdly , the end - of - league party would be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided .
So , you could wear something quite casual .
Lastly , on the last daylight , I would suggest you to sojourn the Edinburgh Castle and the National Scottish Museum , as both of them are very interest and have the bookman discount .
I hope this letter should help you with plenty information .
Yours truly ,
Could modern people live without a illumination bulb ?
Well , Unity practice national cartel think thence .
Only people who could live without information technology , must be extremely weird or mortal in a very difficult situation !
We are almost always surrounded by the ' man - made ' luminosity .
With information technology , we read , study , manner of walking , and so on .
In the past masses relied on the sunlight , moonlight and the light from fervidness .
These be , notwithstanding , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out .
They have to read , study and walk in the shadow .
Today , this kind of thing scarcely happens !
Well , unless there represent national trust anything wrong with the power supply .
One remember when Unity was astir five , Ane visited a museum with my family .
While I was in lavatory , all the light was turned off !
I screamed and cried since 1 'd never experienced being in a complete dark before .
When the light within was turned on again , I realised how important yet a single light bulb would be , and I follow sure I hind end never , ever live without it .
Dear Calophyllum longifolium ,
First of all , 1 be sorry to hear that Richard exist ill .
As the conference mustiness go bad on , Ane will give you the information you asked for in order to workplace on with this conference .
According to the hotel , the group make been order to stay in a hotel which be very near the place we be going to have the conference .
The hotel exist The Palace Hotel .
Itis just only 5 minutes manner of walk from there to the conference and I would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference .
Astir the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel you will stop .
The party testament exist in a friendly atmosphere thence do n't worry about what to wear .
On that point leave make up only our group , so dress whatever you lack and enjoy ourselves .
Lastly , what you could possibly do while you will be waitress for trey hours , for some people who want to go shopping .
The shopping centre is just right inverse of the hotel , nonetheless , some people english haw want to just delay at the hotel , having a cup of chocolate .
The coffee store in the hotel is usable .
I hope that selective info will be useful .
If you have any questions Iodin equal more than happy to help .
I look forward to seeing you at the league .
Yours sincerely yours .
Could you live without this ?
Imagine how your sprightliness would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone .
How would you manage to get yourself ready to survive to work .
How would you know what happens in the whole broad world or even how you would bring forth yourself breakfast without toaster ! ! !
How would you cope with all those ?
Thank god for those who had create the electrical energy and had appliedapplied information technology into every appliances .
The electrical push is a clever invention .
Everything basis on the use of electricity , for instance from a little bulb light to the most complicated computer system which salt away priceless info !
Life would national trust represent loose if we did n't have electrical energy .
The electrical energy is very important in keeping our lives run .
No matter where you are , what you do , apparantly , you need the electrical energy .
Let 's think this way , if we did n't have the electrical energy , there would be no other inventions at all ! !
I , in person , could n't live without the electricity .
It has already affected and caper a great role in my life .
I watch the television and use the figurer everyday .
What is to a greater extent , early facility in my house , telephone , air - conditioner , fridge , for example , they are all motivation the electricity . That'is why it is very important to my life .
Dear Mister. Ian smith
my name cost ... , Ace am a local student and one testament give you the request information .
The rooms for your students take in been book at the Palace Hotel near the metropolis - centre .
The hotel is just three busstops away from our college .
So you and your students tush take the bus from the central busstation that is right in social movement of your hotel to get to the conference .
The end - of - conference party start just one our after the end of the conference .
Information engineering is located in our sports foyer .
In that esteem will be bouncy music and a midnight dinner .
So you do n't have to seem real noble dress , just as you same it ( at that place is no order - you may wear what you want ) .
For your last day Atomic number 53 think it would be interesting to vistit our historical and famous city - centre .
I will mastermind a tourist guide to give u.s.a. information astir the previous buildings and sights .
If you have any more questions write me a short letter .
Yours sincerely yours
The invention of the motorcar be a great distributor point in account .
From there on citizenry got mobile river and had the possibility to travel wherever they wanted .
Of course within the strong arm barriers .
People now sustain the chance to move to far by places to spend their leassure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home - countryside .
In my life the motorcar has an tremendous influence . I add up from a rural area .
The next city is 15 km away and there cost no acceptable bus - surgery rail connection to go at that place .
It has been quiet hard to me non to have the opportunity for my free time alike my friends that inhabit in or near the city .
I just had no possibleness to sports meeting them after school , because I had no vehicle to grow there .
I always needed my Mom or my Daddy to take pine tree commonwealth where I wanted to go .
Today 1 have my own car and I use it day after day to get to work and to meet my friend at any billet and any time .
So with my car Single achieved a slap up freedom .
Dear Mrs Kathryn elizabeth ii smith ,
I am apply your missive where you asked for some information about the conference in Peterborough Regional College .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is situated in the city center , at 15 minutes walking from where the conference take place in .
In the next page on that point is a single valued function showing you the best elbow room to catch to the conference that will be at the Regional College .
The conference will start at 7 p.m , the same day we anticipate , the 18th of June .
Our theater film film director will make a spoken lyric afterwards and there bequeath embody a party with some snacks , drinks and music .
For the multitude interested in , there will be also an entertainment karaoke .
Everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal .
No jeans and golf golf tee - shirts .
There be a lot of place you toilet visit in Peterborough .
We have a Cathedral you can visit anytime and the river side , which is the best if it be a nice day , sunny an warm , for take a walk .
For any detail feeling in the next page mathematical function .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Alice knew that be was going to be a very special day for her .
She had a dream where somebody told her that that clarence shepard day jr. would be special .
So , she took the jitney , similar every morning , and she sound to school .
But that day was a little bit different : she possess her math exam .
She had never passed an mathematics exam and she was really nervous .
Half an hour before the exam she hold up to the cafeteria to take a cupful of tea .
She sat down and what a surprise she found a lottery ticket .
Nobody was around her , so she subscribe to the ticket .
Drank her cup of tea and she went to the classroom where the exam took position .
She make the exam really well , she was very surprised , and after the exam she work home .
She spend the rest of the 24 hour interval listen to music while she cost thinking astir the lottery tag and wait for the TV appearance at 8 o'clock .
At the prison term , she turned on the TV and while the drawing south man was shouting the winning numbers , she checked hers and what was the surprisal that the terminal 4 numbers were the same ! !
She profits £ 500 ! ! !
Dear Mrs Mare Bessie metalworker ,
One have just now received a alphabetic lineament from you .
I am actually appreciate your interesting about our group discourse .
Firstly , the Palace hotel is your adjustment which you have booked .
This is rattling nice hotel and I am sure you bequeath be very pleased with stick around there .
Secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference .
Obviously , using a taxi is the best merely regrettably it personify quite expensive for student .
Even so , we have already fain a mini - jitney for you .
The bus leave personify in nominal header of your hotel at 1 atomic number xv. m. and information technology leave take you to the conference .
Thirdly , we bequeath have the terminal - of - group discussion party at 6 p.m. You can have dinner with wine which be very famous in our area and as well you displace enjoy the semi - classical concert which we have prepared for 3 months .
But I hope you will article of vesture formal suit and dress .
You will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes .
Lastly , you arrange not have any job outlay your extra time in Cambridge because we possess a lot of attraction .
Cambridge university bus tour , for example , leave be really nice time for you because it is the best and the gentle way of knowing Cambridge .
But if you do not like it , you can enjoy Metropolis center by walk tour and then you can enjoy going punting which is the most pleasant attraction in Cambridge .
I hope you will be happy with our league and party and etc .
We have disposed all of them for a long time .
Please oblige us with your attendance .
If you neediness to a greater extent information , please countenance me know .
Your unfeignedly
Dear Mr or Missy ,
Welcome to my town and Ace am in truth appreciate your natter .
I would like you to visit ' COEX ' building which is located in Samsung - dong south of Seoul .
I will william tell you some information about this building .
This building consists of a cosmos expounding centre , a multiplex movie dramaturgy , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court of law and an aquarium .
Now in that respect exist holding ' the world software for Linux ' exposition in expo centre .
If you are interested in reckoner , it will give you with nipper pleasant .
For a multiplex celluloid , it is the biggest movie house in Asia and information technology make 18 screens .
Therefore you can enjoy all previous films there .
If you want to buy something , especially clothes , shopping mall , which is called ' COEX mall ' , will be the best place : very cheap and lots of designed clothes .
Also , you 'd well non miss the food court .
It is render all kinds of food .
Korean food for thought , Italian intellectual victuals ... you tin keister enjoy them all .
Lastly , One real need you to run to the aquarium .
Really One have been there three times just I still want to go there again .
I am sure you leave like this really much .
I hope you will enjoy yourself in my town . I would represent real happy if you could be quenched with my recommendation .
And if you need someone to guide you , please send maine vitamin e - mail or give me a call .
One look forward to hearing from you .
Yours dependably ,
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium Julia evelina smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to give some information on the conference as you expect .
First of all , your group stimulate been booked into Castle Hotel which is very convenient to stay and bear beautiful landscape .
I would recommend you suffer to the conference by subway , because tube station is situated in 5 minute ' walk from the hotel .
It will choose you about 15 minutes to arrive at the college .
There volition cost a party after the league .
We will serve you dinner and some college students are get to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you give the ax join if you wish .
Therefore , you had advantageously wear casual and comfortable clothes .
Finally , this area has information engineering reputation for shopping centres , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food , and so on .
You will be able to buy them in sensible price .
One hope you will enjoy your stay in my area .
I look forward to confluence all of you .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Entertainment Centre
Introduction
The aim of this report be to kick in info on the Amusement Centre in Seoul .
Information applied science be ground on my experience and on views extract by local citizenry world health organization were interviewed .
Facilities
Information engineering was found that the Amusement Centre is the most popular building in Seoul to enjoy yourself .
There personify a wide range of facilities include theatres , game centres , Korean restaurants .
In particular , the citizenry seemed to be satisfied with theatres , because the screen is massive .
The Korean restaurants look to be the most popular to foreigners .
Things to grease one's palms
It appear you can buy everything you want in reasonable price in the building .
Especailly , Korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap .
Notwithstanding , you hind end buy voluptuous things as advantageously if you compliments .
Conclusion
In poor , the Entertainment Centre personify fascinating place and information technology deserves a visit .
I would highly recommend this building , because not only you ass enjoy yourself merely also experience Korean culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors .
Dear Mrs.. Joseph smith
Thank you real much for your letter , which Atomic bit 53 receive yesterday .
I am sure , in concert we force out spent a good scholarly person conference in my college .
I will return you now some useful information .
First of all , we hail to some important points for the governing body .
The group has been hold into a comfortabel and well situatet hotel , whose name is , , Palace Hotel " .
The hotel is on the right helping hand side of the Parker Small arm , which you can find on the map , which I leave send you .
The , , Castle Hotel " is 5 minutes walking from the station .
The conference exist situatet in the building opposite the bus stop .
After a short speech from our theater director , the even tabu entertainment will be begin .
In a well eff and enjoyable pub in the city centre we consume same nutrient and drinks .
Furthermore at that place will be a really famous life band .
You serve non have to habiliment some speciall clothes .
You asked maine for some suggestions for your free afternoon .
Naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but some matter particularly is our cathedrale .
The architecture bring you back into the honest to supreme being time . as well as the stained field glass windows which are really amazing .
We own besides an interest museum and a mod theatre .
Finally , I am sure you and your group will spent some funny remark realaxing years .
Please do non hesitate to contact pine tree department of state for some more information .
I look forward to group coming together each other soon .
Yours unfeignedly .
Invention have affected all our lives !
What comprise it what we use every day many hours ?
Sometime 's early in the morning until tardily in the evening .
Yes information technology is the TV .
It is well cognize in almost all class , often with a lot of different cannels .
First of all , the boob tube can tell u.s.a. news in a short time , what happened all over the world .
Another point in favour of the invention for the TV be , that they distinguish astir interesting reports , for instance about fauna or different culture from other countrys .
Furthermore they have a lot of different course of field , unremarkably something for everybody .
It could be likewise loosen to sit on the sofa after a meddling day at workplace .
Finally , the telecasting is in my opinion really useful for getting important information , you can watching the weather and all of them were present tense in wonderful colour .
To sum up , in my opinion the boob tube is a very good and useful invention .
However , they send a lot of vehemence which embody not good for the children .
I can not imagine to live without televison , it be something what we need for our education , for getting news and other helpful information .
Dear Mrs Bessie ian douglas smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
Surely I ll try to help you as good as I can .
First , I william tell you the name of the hotel , it 's the Palace Hotel .
Fortunately , information applied skill equal non far from our college .
For getting from the hotel to the conference , you only have to take bus no. vii and fuck off off at St. James College , where the conference will have place .
Astir the end - of - group discussion political party Atomic number fifty tercet can only when say that a band leave be play the whole night , and a special guest Atomic number 53 still do n't know will be expected .
I suggest to vesture casual clothes , I think there 's no need of school uniforms .
To answer your utmost question , I would propose you to attend the local zoo , because many infant animals were max born in the past few days .
Dear Mrs Smith , I hope the move over entropy is useful for you .
I mib looking forward to seeing you at the group treatment .
Yours sincerely yours ,
The telephone
Could you imagine there south no telephone ringing in an office ?
Or to unrecorded your unrecorded without chatting for hours with your good friend ?
Could you ?
I atomic number twenty n't !
The telephone represent invented by Black levisticum officinale Whole wheat flour Vanessa bell in the last of the 19th century .
It was an invention nobody thought how of signification and how widespread it would personify in future .
Nowadays about every household in the western humans own a telephone , and calling to relatives or friends bed covering all complete the earthly worry be no strange thing .
People need the telephone lot not but for chatting , but also for exchanging information in a very short and direct way with the possibility to answer directly .
When I be a tyke , we have no telephone at home , and Unity constantly had to fit to a sound box in the heart of our village .
Now Single have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture I 've bought was the telephone . I ll never ingest it away from my home .
Dear Mrs Mare Bessie kathryn elizabeth smith ,
I want to inform you that I had already talk to Richard Brown and he informed pine tree state astir the conference .
Next week Ace bequeath be first organising some effect for this conference .
The event volition orchestrate at the Palace Hotel .
The same hotel that will you stay .
Castle Hotel is opposite the park ' Clifton ' , which is near the college .
We chose that hotel because cost it near the college and we do n't need to use a ecstasy .
Because you know where is the college and you need to bring with me some things at the college to hotel One think that is better to follow all the grouping in college and then we can extend all together to the ' Palace Hotel ' .
The conference starting time at 9:00 o'clock you need to constitute at the college half an hr before .
Concerning the end - of - conference Ane mb thinking about some dance and singing events .
Tell me your estimation .
About the clothes that we need to wear , moldiness be uniform , because is the best conference to John griffith chaney and every year are come lectures from other colleges .
Finally on the last day we have organise a seeing - crossing around London . You bequeath have the opportunity visiting some museum and zoo parks .
I think information applied science be a nice idea .
If you want more information you can call me my telephone number is 047<unk> <unk> <unk> . Please if you have to a greater extent ideas send me a letter .
Yours Sincerely yours ,
Nowdays all the multitude have a telephone .
Telephony is part of our life .
Information technology make up unmatched of the most important investigation all over the world .
Telephone set is eccentric of communicating .
If you want to talk with your friends , parents , better half or to ask something , you can call them without wondering how can make up communicate with them .
Especial if some of your relatives or friends are living in other land you behind communicate with them and everyday and you do n't feel that they are far a room from you .
Today with the development of applied science has been improved and the abilities of the phone .
They are telephones that you have the opportunity to talk with more than one people at the line .
Also you can leave a message if you call and california n't find soul .
The final type of telephone , represent the mobile river phone .
You can use it everyplace and at anytime .
Finally phone except | asunder from type of communicating , is type and socialisation .
Nowadays world health organization are so bussy and we do n't have free time to see our friends , we can call them and talk or chat with them .
Especial the young hoi polloi are employ many hours the telephone and that is difficulty for their parents .
Telephone is very important investigation if we ass use it correct without use it as type of entertaiment as they equal doing nowadys many people .
Dear Mrs Julia evelina smith
I have received your letter , which embody about that you would like me to inform you .
As you know , a hotel whose name is Palace Hotel has been booked for your group .
The best way to acquire from on that point to the conference be to take a taxi .
I am afraid there cost no buses to receive in that respect .
We testament have a great party at the end of the league .
The party will be formal , thence you give birth to wear formal dress like a suit or a dress .
As you know , it is not suitable to wear a dungaree operating theatre something .
On your last day you have an afternoon free .
In my area in that respect is a fantastic mungo park , which is the most famous park in the country .
You derriere find a lot of things to do beaver state to see .
You tin visit the zoo operating room walking around the amazing lake in the parking lot .
I hope you will discover all the details , which you would like to have in the letter .
If you need any information , please get pine tree commonwealth know .
Your Sincerely yours ,
World power Of Computurs .
How much force out a computer affect your life ? I think information engineering science effects to a greater extent than you think .
When I was a child Unity constantly wanted to have the lyrics of the song that I liked , but it was nearly impossible to have them .
I felt want of them .
I first bought a computer as I was in university .
It was and then necessary for maine because Iodine wanted to be a computer programmer .
That time One met the magic world of computing machine .
Colligate to the internet was therefore pop .
Net was something stick for me .
Pot you think you have every data you need whenever you want ?
Can you think you tangency with anyone who is from any country whenever you want ?
I sports meeting a mickle of multitude on net and information technology actually interestingness me .
I learn a lot about their culture by speaking them on internet .
I be n't able to imagine this before .
In addition this , today company can do nothing without a electronic computer .
Everything in this world kit and boodle with computers from now on .
Computers changed my life mode , my belief about the world .
And they impression everyone 's life straight or indirectly .
Dear Mrs Molar concentration. Bessie smith ,
I constitute writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the info that you request .
First of all the hotel is the Palace Hotel , 82 Regent Street , indeed that it is very easy to compass the conference .
In fact you can take the bus topology number trine ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass , on your right hand .
Secondly , we leave have the party in the hotel at 8.00 o'clock and a buffet will constitute served at 8.30 p.m. Information technology would be also possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocktail free of charge . I would recommend your students to bring their Identity Card to prove their age .
What is more , I would suggest to vesture really smart dress and for man it is oblidged the tie .
Finally , if I were you Atomic number 53 would pass shopping to the City Centre to spend your last hours .
All the like , if you re concerned in Archeology you should vitis the History Museum in Garden Square .
Ane hope you bequeath receive my letter of pastime and One look forward to seeing you .
Yours Sincerely yours ,
Have you ever thought to alive without your car ?
How displace you manage your daily life without information technology ?
Iodin the last fourty years people seem to represent completely addicted by using their own car .
It is said that the majority of the citizen has got a car and regrettably this is the reason why cities are fuck off more polluted .
On the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life to a greater extent well situated and easy .
In fact we can go everyplace sit downwardly either with friends or with our family and carring lugguage and shopping bags .
Cars are able to cover not only short distance but besides can equal used for long journey .
For example , in the past information technology would had been extremely exhausting journey devolve on a hourse but present we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of optionals to choose with .
However , I have to say that it has made people be lazy and at the same time accent due to the dealings .
On the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allowe us travelling apace .
That 's why I could n't look alike my life without it .
Dear Mrs Mare John metalworker ,
Thank you for your letter which I received last week .
If pupil is ill , we will return the money merely you should william tell the states untill one week before we start .
And you are staying the Palace Hotel , which is located in town Centre .
You can take buses or our school buses .
Information applied science costs forty pence .
If you take public buses , information engineering science costs more expensive than school bus .
The end - of - group discussion party is going to start from Seven oclock .
One of our teacher , world health organization will be vote by scholarly person be making speech for one hour .
After , pupil is fix speech about what he or she have learned . and diner .
In my opinion , you should wear normal material .
I would like to suggest that you should sojourn construction of sixty two which is consisted on sixty second floor .
There are eye - max cinema , museums , garelty .
This is really famous in our city .
One hope that my advice volition help you .
Single look forward to earshot soon from you .
Yours sincerely yours
Pusan Castle
Pusan Castle is locted in South of Pusan .
This is the biggest and oldest in Pusan .
There make upwardly exhibited historcall matter , picthurs and dress .
Information engineering science was built four hundread ago .
When you die up to the top of rook you can see the whole town .
and there are really big Park in the Castling .
Pusan Castle show about Korea chronicle from when one of our King made our nation .
etc . and there are a lot of facilities in Pusan Castle .
Restuarant .
Shop specially for group .
They keister be given discount rate .
What is more , every space is explained by English .
So you do not need pamplat , only , the entrance fee is a little expensive .
It monetary value ten pounds .
fortunately If somebody visit rook over ten people , they give them rebate .
Dear Mrs Mare Kate smith
With reference to your letter which I recived yesterday , I would like to give you some details about The external educatee league , also the acomodation and activities that are planed during this week .
The Hotel that is book for the students it be one of the beast in the area , it has outstanding facilities and it is situated nigh to the place where the conference is going to be .
The best way to get there from The hotel is by bus and it is already hold for the side by incline day you arrive , at 8:30 am .
About the party which constitute just at the end of the conference , a good information technology would be a dance political party and the students do n't really need to wear limited dress , it 's but to have a little dance and meet all the students , after the party there be a small trip to the old part of the city and I think it would be a good choice to spend the last three hours that you have leftfield before run back .
I hope this letter aswer all your questions , if you whant to know more about it just give maine a call or send me a letter .
your sincerely
The aim of this report is to give some information about The modern Acapulco resart buildings which comprise build x yr ago and it is one of the firstly buildings that was build with the latest tecnonology and made by a important Mexican arquitector .
In addition the resort has an interesting History background astir arquitectory and the undecomposed facilities and activities that you could have in Mexico for model , it leave differents kinds of tours around Mexico .
On the contrary information technology is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
In spite of the disadvantages , I would strongly recomended to students and world to sojourn the new Acapulco resort buildings . and have a great experience know about buildings history and at the same clip travel around Mexico .
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium Kate smith ,
I be afraid to hear that Mr. Brown is ill 1 hope information technology wo national trust be grave .
Still , I leave constitute gladiola to give you as much information as you need and One hope you will find it helpful .
the name of the hotel in which the group be going to stay in make upwards Palace Hotel , to catch there you must go risky to the centre of town , all buses be going thither , Once you are in the centre Palace Hotel is right in front of the tourism information office .
For the end - of - conference party we have book one of the asaph hall of the hotel and they testament provide us life history music and cattering .
Referable the hotel is such an elegant place I would suggest to dress up in night clothes .
Finally , to filling your free afternoon Atomic number 53 would hardly recomend to sojourn the cathedral and have a walkway arround the previous part of the city , if you like it will be my pleasance to show you the souroundings .
Yours truly ,
Chairs are not only part of the forniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums as art symbols .
Who could have make upward such a useful token ?
In fact , cipher has get this clue , merely information engineering must hold constitute the most clever individual on earth !
the world is packed with so many tipes of chairs , from the common woden one to the most sophisticate and comfortables others finding a baste range of prices .
From my point of view the chair comprise without a doubt the most usefull gadget ever invented .
Some people use them in their work , others are wish to get one by the end of the day and for some other people a while chair interpret the possibility of mouvement .
Although be worth to say that non everybody lav chose his ideal chair at that place is a special unrivaled for each of us .
Dear Mrs Metalworker ,
Thank you for your letter .
I be gladiolus to assistance you for the establishment of the conference .
I telephone to the tourist entropy last hebdomad and I got some information about the accomodation of the students .
I think we should book at the Castle Hotel .
Information engineering personify an outstanding building situated in the metropolis core .
The Hotel is in a good position , ten minutes pass from the conference and I think the best way to reach it be on foot .
I am sure the student will enjoy walking in the street of the ithiel ithiel town .
The group discussion starts at quintuplet oclock in the good afternoon and finishes at 7 pm .
I think they should wear smarting clothes , because there will be lots of interesting people and important meeting .
In conclusion , for the last day , I cerebration it volition be very interesting for the bookman to visit the town and appreciate its monuments and art .
On the other hand , if you prefer to hold a relaxing twenty four hours , you could take a pic - nic in the wonderful park .
I hope my mesmerism and Estimation will help you to organise the group meeting .
I look forward to receiving your check .
Yours ,
REPORT :
TO : MR
FROM :
DATE : 21ST JUNE 2000
INTRODUCTION :
As requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitbility for a mathematical group of American students for the visit at the Etruscan Museum .
superior general INFORMATION :
The museum be situated in the inwardness of Populoniou , the picturesque sportfishing small ithiel town on the Etruscan Coast .
Populoniou is about 15 Km . from Piombino and information technology can be reached by well - organised means of transportation .
verbal description :
The Etruscan Museum be one and alone of the most attractive building in my town .
It contains lots of archeological Etruscans founded and some remains about Etruscans neoropolis .
The entrance fee is £ 7 each student .
POSITIVE expression
1 . The Museum is substantially - organise for tourists .
There are some shops , café and bathroom .
Besides in that location are some free handphones , that explain the history of the museum .
ii .
After their visit into the Museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the tuscan Archipelago , and they could have a pic - nic on the beach .
NEGATIVE ASPECTS
single .
The negative aspect of the museum be that comprise quite expensive for students .
end :
Although the entrance fee be quite expensive for a group of students , 1 strongly reccomend it for their excursion and their interests .
Dear Mrs Mare Bessie metalworker ,
I am writing to give you some information asked in your letter , which I received this morning .
Your group has been booked in Castle Hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in London .
Personally , I make upwardly glad that you leave have this opportunity to use its several facilities .
It is free base in the city center and represent about half an hour by underground from the conference .
In my oppinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would personify by look at the Picadelly short letter .
However you would subscribe to bus number 150 , if you would similar to have a look at the city centre and you consume some free time besides .
Regarding to the end - of - conference political party , I would suggest to wearable some garb for a charwoman and an elegant suit for a man , though , information technology personify no formal do .
The party will coating quite late and so we ve decided to provide a bus which would take you to the hotel safely .
Basicaly , during three hour time in the good afternoon nobody is capable to visit all of interesting places of London .
However you would have a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
One look forward to welcome you .
Yours sincerely yours
Are you always happy when your telephon ring ?
As far as One am concerned the telephony embody invented in nineteenth 100 .
It has been affecting our lifes very quickly , although there were some unlike ways of communicating as TV , for instance .
Since the internet was introduced , many of us would n't have imagined the life without this .
We were capable even to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for a some sentence .
Notwithstanding , be you always happy when your personal phone rings .
On the other hand 1 wonder whether you have experienced some office when you would n't have your mobile switched on .
This invention has moved my life completely .
Since I have been travel around the world Atomic numeral 53 would feature imagined beeing in baffling with my family or friends without internet or my mobile phone .
In spite of having the opportunity of keeping physical contact with friends at the meter we are far away from home , we should have be noesis how to use it without interrupting others .
Dear Mare :
Thank you for your letter .
I will be pleasance to help you .
The following constitute some information about the International scholarly person conference .
The party will be take place in Castle Hotel .
The Hotel is very close Town Hall .
From parking lot square , scarce go straight .
You can see the sign of the zodiac of hotel .
This is a International student party , so I suggest you wear tradional clothes .
It looks nice and have safe meaning .
You can placard every students what they could piddle some tradional food to the party .
After repast , you can play some games and prepare some talent to the winner .
At the end of group word you can dance and singing together .
In that location is my suggestion about this party .
If you still have some job , you dismiss yell me .
Love from ,
Report construction of LUTON University
I heard that a group of America students has scarcely arrive in our town .
I want to introduce an concern building for them to sojourn .
It is independent building of LUTON University at park square .
In that location make up a academic building .
It inculds labrary .
two courtship , academic rooms a GYM Club and a restuarant .
There is a very big labrary .
You can find any info from it what you want .
At the rest of meter , you can go to IT causa employment Internet .
If you feel hungry , you serve n't need croak out .
Just at the same building , you could find restuarant .
I recommen this buiding to visit .
Because American students will know British students is how to cogitation and different campus living .
They can also talk with British students to communiate study experience .
I think it leave be interesting . for American students .
Dear Mrs Kathryn elizabeth ii smith ,
I am writing with reference on your letter concerning an organization of an international bookman conference in Wimbledon Nontextual affair College .
Below I be clarifying some information you asked about .
First of all , 1 would like to give you to a great extent entropy about name and location of the hotel .
The group has been reserve into " Maria Luisa " hotel which is situate on the center of Wimbledon call Wimbledon Village .
This hotel live the next building after Prowess College , then it testament be easy for your radical to find the place .
Secondly change state to the end - of - conference party , it live planed to be in Wimbledon Common - nice piece of England nature .
So , it crataegus oxycantha be a good idea to take some very comfortable and informal clothes .
Thirdly , peach about your free afternoon before leaving the area , I would suggest you to sojourn Wimbledon Museum of Tennis .
Where is quite good exposition their , giving interest information about the history of Wimbledon Lawn tennis Tournaments .
I look forward to meeting your group in our conference .
Yours sincerely yours ,
Report .
Introduction :
The purpose of this report be to founder a brief discription of the Academy of Prowess in St .- Petersburg .
From my point of view this building is the best option to visit .
Placement :
This building comprise situated on the magnificent embankment of Niva River with an exellent view on the Hermitage Museum .
History :
The building was built by rattling famious Russian architect and is a marvellouse example of Russian classic architerture of XVIIIth 100 .
Facilities :
In the Academy of Art you can buoy find the oldiest artistic creation libarary with a wide mountain chain of books , the Museum of Russian Art with a vast collection of painting , sculpture and architectural projects from early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries .
Information technology is also a good luck to be premise with Russian system of art education .
Termination :
The building of Honorary society of Art in St .- Petersburg is worth visiting and interesting as historical as educational aspect .
Dear Mrs Smith :
I have received your letter which informs me you be nowadays in heraldic bearing of the group of students attending the international conference .
It equal my pleasure to aid you with the information you need .
Your group has been book into The Palace Hotel , located on the High street , antonym to the Billet Place .
The league bequeath be hold in The Royal hart Hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .
Take the 67 path and it will take you just in battlefront of The Royal Hallway .
The end - of - league party bequeath be hold in Francescos Restaurant , precisely by The Royal Hall .
You should wear casual clothes .
About what you can do in the area for the free time you have , I would suggest you to sojourn The Modern Art Museum which have now a new exhibition .
Another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , surgery just walk through the Spring Gardens which are beautiful in this prison full term of the year .
I hope all this information be helpful for you .
Yours unfeignedly ,
The Telephone set : A great conception .
Imagine your life without a telephone .
Yes , Atomic number 53 sleep in concert , information technology is just grueling to imagine our lives without this invention .
Think astir the masses livelihood in the time information engineering was invented .
Mustiness had been such a exciting thing being capable to talk to someone living thousands of miles for ........ and now for united states of united states be just as simple as dial a telephone number and talk to whoever we want to .
Of course be nice to have a earphone conversation with friends or family , but the phone is also very important for patronage and parking brake .
For example , I work for a bank , and we need to have weekly meetings with our Director aliveness 800 kilometers far , and he does national confidence have to come here , we just have a sound conference where everybody can dialogue , and that is it !
What about exigency ?
A phone call in fourth attribute for an ambulance can deliver the life of many people having a heart attack .
We sometimes practice national trust gain the grandness of some innovation we utilization in our everyday life history .
But think .... , what would we suffice without them !
Dear Mrs Mare .
I am one of all pupil and I am going to give you an entropy , all you need .
We have been booked the hotel for you and the name of hotel is " Palace Hotel " quite near shopping core .
It is not far aways , you just go along Park Road about ten minute .
Then you will arrive at Castle Hotel on the left handside of you .
About the ending - of - group discussion political party .
We are going to have a dinner party before the terminal and at the close we are going to bring you to the Hotel , you need to wear a night - dress operating theatre suit and bow tie .
Finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggestion , you give the axe rifle to shopping centre and buy something for your special person or break to museam because this museam is the biggest in the world now It live upward to you .
yours sincerely yours
To chemical group leader
I am the student leader . We make up greatful that your group has just go far thusly I cost go to give selective information about an interesting building to visit .
We recommend you to run to BBC building .
First of all , about BBC building is the news show construction of England .
On the ground floor , they bear a tv camera everywhere around the building and police force ship's police officer walkway around the building as well .
Up to the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for send and reception the information all ended the world because they have a small BBC building all over the world either ;
For Instance , THAILAND , United State of America , INDONISIA and CANADA .
And the 2nd floor is the newsworthiness room where they grow on - air to show on the T. Quint. That is not finish , Atomic routine 53 simply yield you some information simply they have more interesting thing you do not know .
I recommend you this building because this building is the main of john griffith chaney and this building is the second most beautiful building in london thusly that wherefore I recommend you this building .
From scholar leader .
Dear Mrs Joseph adam smith ,
Thank you rattling much for your letter .
I would be very pleased if I put up help you answering all your research .
The hotel which your bookman ' group has been book into is the Palace Hotel .
It exist reasonably easy to get there from the league .
I would suggest you to walk along New Street , which is the one side by slope to river , and in ten minutes you will see the hotel in your right manus side .
The hotel be merely opponent to the Urban center Hospital .
As you already perhaps know , the end - of - league party bequeath take place at the main reception room at the like hotel .
You should live on that point by 7 o'clock in the evening .
Answer your question , you should be fine wearing casual wearing apparel .
Still , if you wish to garb smarter , there represent no job at all .
With reference to the concluding afternoon , if I were you One would visit the City Museum .
There are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country .
If you have any time left you ought to go to the Gamy Street , where you could go shopping .
Please , set non hesitate to touch pine tree diagram land at the above address if you need any further information .
I look forward to meeting you at the League .
Yours unfeignedly ,
innovation make AFFECTED ALL OUR life sentence !
The invention without no doubtfulness , that has affected my own life by far be the car .
Cars have definitely changed all our lives , and I am not refering only in a prescribed room , just in a negative way as easily .
Picture this : a big urban center such as London operating elbow room New York with no car on their streets .
Could you imagine information technology ?
To be honest , Atomic routine 53 golden state n't .
Car are portion of our day to clarence day lives .
Traffic jams make people aflutter , sometimes truly disturbance and violent .
Only , anyhow , people use cars .
If we do n't use them we suffer from them .
In my case Ace use public transport during the week to hold out to oeuvre but I could hardly imagine my weekends without my beloved car .
I really need it to escape from the befoulment , principally caused by cars and any other four - bike motored fomite .
Is national trustfulness that contradictorious ?
To locomote to the countryside and live able to breathing time fresh , non - polluted air , I use my car , which , as far as I am concerned does non help to maintain a clean air at all .
Therefore One am thinking in selling my car , which has changed my life complete the last 10 years , which has render me a variety of freedom , which has go with me to all sorting of fantastic places , and change my life for a new life : whithout car .
Dear Mrs Smith .
Iodin have scarcely received your letter .
Information technology was real sorry intelligence to Richard Brown .
I have given much information of the external student conference .
Firstly , the conference bequeath take place in the Palace Hotel and we get from our college to there by bus .
Routine 45 bus runs to there every pentad minutes .
It takes 25 minutes that is convenient to us .
Secondly , there exist some curriculum that constitute rattling great .
First sour time , the conference southward heading make a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks .
Finally we enjoy a discotheque party so you wear a suiteable dress .
On the last day Unity pop off to your house and then we think about our 's league plane .
I hope information engineering science will be a successful conference .
See you before long .
Yours truly
Alice knew that information engineering be going to be a very peculiar solar day for her .
Alice and Jane come back her home .
Alice represent Jane randomness male child champion .
In the morning they have met and then they went to beach .
Information technology was nice weather and beautiful time .
In the evening they live going to the disco music party that was Jane 's friend 's birthday party .
Jane suddenly thought about her house key that left inner her house and Alice could see the her house and he found the bathroom window was scuttle .
So he crimbed on the radder up to the window and he opened the door but policemen came there " what happened ? "
Jane expained that situations and they under stood him .
So they could go to the discotheque party .
It was a very wonderful party and they have ne'er forgot that day .
It was a very very extra day .
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium Julia evelina smith :
I am writting to throw you the information that you ask me for .
the group has been book into the Harris hotel .
this hotel is very good come out .
From there you can get a taxi , catch the buses seven and eleven , wich both have you rattling close to the conference place , and also you can buy the farm by subway system to get there .
the conference starts at v: 30 pm and information technology finish at 8:00PM .
Then , after the League , there will equal a formal party at the group 's hotel , wich starts at 9:00 PM and finishes at twelve: 00 AM .
this party is a formal one , so you should be effortless dress up .
In this area you could visit the primal park .
Information applied skill is rattling beautiful and a very respectable place to relax .
Another place that would personify interesting to visit be the honest to goodness cathedral of the city .
I hope these information could be useful for you .
Yours Sincerelly
Lionel hampton Court of law Palace
Introduction :
I suffer been asked for information on an interesting building to visit .
I went to Lionel hampton Court final year , and Unity think information engineering is a keen place to visit .
Emplacement :
Hampton Court palace is localizated in Lionel hampton Court .
In addition to that , I think this town is wonderful and it has a wizard beauty .
ecstasy :
to get to Hampton Court palace , you need to take a train from Waterloo train station .
From there depart the trains to Lionel hampton Court .
Moreover , I think by caravan is the best way to get there , because Lionel hampton Court train station is very close to Hampton Court palace .
Leontyne price :
thither is a great terms for children , students , adults and families .
They follow between three and six pounds each .
Close :
Lionel hampton Court Castle is a building with fate of history and interesting thing to see to it .
And too information technology would be an excellent chance for this group of American students to see it .
To : Mrs. Smith
Thank you for your letter , which arrived on 2nd .
June .
I am very pleased to help to organise this Conference in our College , which will hold at Conference Heart at Bromley College starting on 20th June for 3 days .
please find selective information your required as follows :
We have book the hotel for the group .
Called " castle Hotel " which is about 10 land mile away from our College , the hotel volition have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on 19th of June and then lease the group to Conference and return to hotel every solar day .
Affect to the end - of - conference company .
We have skim a barbecue at 5 oo promethium . on our most idyllic play field which is terminated looking the endless Countryside and farms .
At 7:00pm .
we toilet motility to our student hall to experience a disk dance until 10: 00pm .
On the last day , we have order a small party in the hotel , then we all set upward to have a sightseeing Bromley township center for about two hours before you leave for airport .
Bromley town center is the most beautiful shopping centre in Confederate states of america East London .
There are many historical buildings remain .
I think the bookman will enjoy this sightsee .
If any further word , please let me know .
Yours . sincerely yours ,
How wonderful " light "
We need light every day , not just dark metre .
We need lamp light in offices or schools oregon some places during the day time .
How is the wonderful life after excogitation the visible radiation .
Here we just talking about the light we invented aside from nature light .
When I was small , we lived in rural area yard , I retrieve , we used to have oil lamps which habituate a cotton string dip in the oil in the small bottle and made it burn the tip of the cotton plant drawing string to give us light during the night time , it was very little illumination on , and many things we could n't do under the oil lamps because the light range of mountains was very small .
There follow no any christ within outside our house , no light on the road beaver dos field either .
I was always very scared whenever surgery wherever . because most place .
Covered by dark , darkness and dark .
This scaring dark be still affecting my life now .
I ne'er stayed out after dark today except keep company by my family .
What a swelled person on the earthly concern , who invented the light , Einstein was .
He created another twenty foursome hour period clock time after sunset , people economic consumption it to do anything they want to do , We believe we ca n't live without light today , specially in city life , we have a long sentence to spend for the activities after Sun going to bed .
Which we definately need light to keep on . Ace dare to say , without light , our life will pass aside into a dark , dark hell .
Dear Mrs John kathryn elizabeth smith ,
I am writting you to reply your interrogative about the conference in London . thank you for your letter .
I am very pleasant to screw you decide to come to the " II International group discussion of Human Rights " which will be celebrated in Albert Hall college next 25 of June .
I would like to inform you that the group you belong to , get been booked in Castle Hotel , in the center of London from the 24 June until twenty five of June .
The Albert francis charles augustus emmanuel Hall College , the building where will equal taken part the group word is sited near Green Park Avenue ; thus , to get it from the Palace Hotel you can take the busbar figure 26 , differently , you can convey the Picadilly Line from South Kensigton Station to green Park station .
Information technology accept about 10 minute .
Therefore , that 's the faster way of exaltation you can choose .
The League will start at 9 am of 25 June and will finish about sextuplet pm in the same day .
During the day be think having a break of half and hr at 12 p.m and finally , a party for all the people who will be there .
That leave be a smart party and because of this , it will be required a well - dressed and immaculate presence .
Ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlman a dark suit .
As I prat see from your letter , you will have astir three hours before you collar your plane , so , 1 would suggest to sojourn The Tate Modern Museum , where you will can find various interesting pictures such as Salvador dali 's Warhols .
If you need some more information or details about helium conference , you can contact Alexia on 0033 * * * phone .
1 look forward to hearing from you .
Yours truly ,
Introduction
The aim of this report be give some suggestions to a group of American students world health organisation has just at once arrive in Roma and wishing some data about an interesting building to visit .
Rome is a big city where they can find several moment and important buildings , for this reason I would suggest them to sojourn
1 ) " Fontana di Trevi " sited in Trevis Square in the centre of Rome .
That 's a small square where there is a fountain real big .
It was built by Canovas designer in 1638 .
That is the fountain which " Dolce Vita " film was taken place .
2 ) For other hand , there is Doroteo arango Borghese Building , That is a museum where they fire find the most of significance sculptures and pictures of Antonio Canovas and , Bernini , who stayed for a long time working in Rome .
CONCLUSION
I would recommend them the edifice because :
1 ) First of all , at that billet are sited in the center of Rome thus , they can take a bus to get them motility and around the city .
2 ) Secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they fire take something to eat operating room to drink in the " pizzerias ' and restaurants good these famous places .
In conclusion , they could combine art , the history and the night visiting unity alone place without spend much money .
Dear Marie ,
Single be sorry to hear that our friend Mr Brown is complaint .
As our conference is due to start next week Iodine respond straightaway away .
At that place are some informations you have expect me about .
We booked rooms for your grouping at the Castle Hotel .
That is the best option because it is point less than fin minutes pass from the Conference Center .
When you live a hotel you have to turn right and you bloun the street .
At the foremost dealings lights turn right again and you should watch a big blue building .
That 's our Group discussion Center .
At the hotel reception you testament find printed information how to get over at that place .
As you know at the end - of - league in that respect is a party .
Political party is due to start at 8 atomic phone number 15. m until 3 a.m. There be 2hr break between end - of - conference and party .
At this time you and your group can refresh yourself .
I would like to mention that because our league that is dress - code party .
Hope you will enjoy information applied science .
We inclined some special attraction like hot dance music and hot operating theatre cold buffet .
About you atomic number 75 the last inquiry I can sugest to visit the Royal Castle .
That volition give you and your guests an notion about our country and story .
Your sincerely yours ,
In our town on that decimal point is so many interest seat to envision that there is voiceless to choose one .
In my opinion the most interesting be the Castling .
It is invest on a hill and then it is very easy to recognize when is it .
Just face upwards and you will see that huge building .
Actually information technology is a whole complex , the Old and the New Castle , Cathedrall and the most interest undergroud part with it 's amazing crypts .
And if you climb on the top of the main tower - the proceed you will see unforgetable view on a white toun .
After that you can explore our great museum at the Old Castle .
You will find there an amazing collection of old weapon , armores and , we are especially pround of it , the great collection of swords .
After that 1 am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurands located at the New Rook .
I am sure that should be enought for one 24 minute interval trip .
For you information One can say that at this time we have cinque workweek festival and this night there will be a great display .
That should complete that amazing sidereal day .
Dear Mrs Julia evelina smith ,
I am writing this letter in answer to your letter which get in yesterday .
I do welcome you and your group , and I am willing to help you by giving the info that you have asked me .
Foremost , let me explain the direction from the castle HOTEL , where your group will be staying , to the league .
The hotel is located in the centre of Seoul , so on that point many room to get to the conference .
The easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 20 minutes .
The map volition follow given to you on the day of your arrival .
Secondly , the goal - of - league party leave be held in the Palace Hotel 's Percel Room and showtime at 6 oclock in the evening .
Professor Kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner party testament embody served .
The party constitute non rattling formal , hence you crapper wear any kind of dress , as long as information engineering is suitable for dinner party .
Finally , I would like you to recommend the sojourn to a traditional Korean palace Kyong Bok for the last day 's free time .
It moldiness follow a very interesting visit for the educatee who has never experienced an oriental atmosphere .
It is just v minute walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel gate , an airport bus volition be waiting for you to admit you to the airport after finishing the outing .
One hope you will enjoy your stay in Korea , and set non hesitate to contact pine tree state for any far information .
I look forward to seeing you soon ,
Yours truly ,
.
Report on Kyoung Bok Palace - the Glory of Chosun Kingdom .
.
Introduction .
This report provides the info astir Kyong Bok Castle , which is highly recommend to visit for visitors from foreign land .
It highlights the background story and considers the interest of immature peoples , and makes a final recommendation .
.
History .
The kingdom Chosun has a history for 500 eld and last until the beginning of 20th century .
Kyong Bok Palace be the main residency of the royal family , so you leave live able to imagine it size of it .
As the king of Chosun loved to be a piece of the nature , the palace had a huge garden , however it was destroyed by the army of Japan , and now there remains only a character of the original palace .
There is a special monument for the last queen of Chosun who was killed by the Japanese army .
.
Bodily process .
The reason that this palace is also popular for the youngsters , who tends to dislike the historical visit , would follow the various natural process .
You tail end try the traditional game of Han gook and in that respect is a opportunity to wear the traditional dress of the Royals .
Likewise on that point are performances which helds daily in the front gate of the palace .
.
Final Testimonial .
It is prohibited of query not to visit Kyong Bok Palace unless you do not want to know astir Korean history .
You will find many interesting item there , thence , I impulse you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of Korea .
Dear Mrs David kate smith ,
I am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about outside student conference and give some ideas and suggestions of what you and your students bathroom do during your free time here .
The group have been booked into the Palace Hotel which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not strike you and your students too much time to make to the town hall where the conference is presuppose to be shape up .
The easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take buses 461 surgery 176 ( the bus stop is opposite to the hotel ) or we can hire a minibus for you but there is an extra commission for information technology .
There exist a party on the last day of the conference .
Especial prize will be founder to the scholar whose paper be the honest .
Less of the company exist likely to be as our dark club so a lots of music , dancing and fun are provided .
Please note that the alchocholich drinks are only sold untill 11 pm .
You can wear whatsoever you like for this kind of party .
Coming back to ideas and Suggestions I'v promised to founder you about barren good good afternoon befor you catch your plane I toilet advise you to sojourn our zoo or to for a picnik in a park befor you will go to the night party .
Yours truly ,
Can you see how many inventions you be smother with in your life ?
Such a simpleton and usuall things like a telefone , a car , a computer so only seem to follow normal and usuall for us ( or we have got used ) as we use them every day .
Hundred years before citizenry could n't even use an electric lump not saying astir a car or computer .
They have intention improved our life a lot since they had appeared , but not every unrivaled beleives information technology is in truth so .
Some people say that many of crucial inventions in our live are not then good and useful as we have dumbfound habituate to see them .
First of all they state about enviroment pollution which cars and early vechicles make , overspend the electricity using galvanic equipment and some others .
But to my opinion if people inventions take a position in our lifes they are right and and then .
I think the telefone is the most important thing in many people 's lifes as it makes you to make up able to produce in touch with anyone does national trustingness matter wherever you are ( I am talking about mobile phones which now get a majority of our choice ) .
Computers make everything much faster so everything is immediately base on computer systems .
An electrical lamp was an important invention hundred old age before ( but for that time information technology was like a revolution ) .
I think it would n't be possible to survive for us without an eclectric life .
Because of shipbuilding development people could create all the geographical discoveries , and an automobile transport is undenyable neccecerity in our life .
In font of all enounce I am more likely to think that the benefits of advantages of peopel 's inventions are much higre the all their disadvantages .
Dear Mrs John bessie smith ,
I have just read your letter and I comprise happy to help with giving you some further information .
According to your first question , for the time of league the student will be staying at the Palace Hotel , where the reservation has been already made .
It is situated near to our college , about fivesome minute walk from the nearest tube station , which is South Wimbledon .
As you were informed , there bequeath be a party for all attendant of the league , which will consume place afterwards at the hotel eatery .
Minding the fact that it leave embody entirely sociable meeting I believe that everyday clothes are the most desirable choice for this event .
Finally , answering your last question about student mho day - out , I suggest visiting a local Lawn tennis Museums and Wimbledon Tennis Courts as it is one of the best international tourists attracter .
If you receive any far questione , please do non hesitate to contact me .
Unity look forward to visualize you .
Yours truly ,
TO : Leader of the group of American students
FROM :
particular engagement : 12.06.2001 .
SUBJECT : Recomnendations of a place to sojourn
INTRODUCTION :
The aim of this report is to give verbal description and recommendation of the most interesting building in the town .
full general INFORMATION :
The place I would like to recommend is the seventienth - century Royal Palace .
It is situated in a heart of Warsaw and surrounded by the building of an Old Town .
There is a square old Market with the magnificent statue of the King Zygmunt , in the centre of it .
facility :
.
Inside the Palace , there is a museum of an gaffer collection of porcalaine .
.
There equal also a Portrait Gallery in the left wing of the Castle .
.
The Old Town is the best place for afternoon perambulation with a dandy deal of eatery , caffes and street performers .
.
Thither be an easy reach to cashpoints , lavatories , emergency services , etc .
POSITIVE point
.
It exist easy to get in that respect by any sort of public transport
.
There are bit of hotels or younker hostels to stay overninight , if necessary
.
Most of the entree represent absolutely free .
NEGATIVE POINTS
.
A office of the Palace might be closed , due to the constant redevelopment .
.
All the facilities are usually overcrowded during a summer vacation .
ending :
Despite the few drawbacks , Iodine would strongly recommend the Royal hart Castle as the most suitable position to visit for the foreign students .
Dear : Mister Maria Kathryn elizabeth smith
I am replying your letter for the help you 're be need .
I am plece to tell the information do you need for the group .
The Hotel I was be booked is Castle Hotel wiche is in the center of London just tow blokes from Victoria stations .
I think It is verey convenit for the group . you know Victoria area is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city . about the Hotel is cling , and have a ripe service the rooms are dobuels and neche have owe lavatory ant for the nomber of student we get a good Valud . and the right way to get the College for the Group give and take is walking to the Victoria station get the tramcar to Glouster Route and 3 gent to the letur hand you will found the College .
Howeve I am goign to make a plan for acche student with all of the diteil and adres .
Astir the party in the end of league we organise in the same hotel whict receive a nice beauty shop .
Testament boron good for yor group you exercise n't need move to anoder place .
We 'll have boozing and food and music for terpsichore .
It is not a formal party indeed I thing is faind wear somethig no too formal .
I whant to suggestions for the last day you and your group may embody go to Green Park and visite the Queen House and the Parlamente this area is very nice and The group would engoin aftha the conference get Freche spike ore another obction could be The new william william tell galery I never be on that point but could constitute a good esxuse for visite It with you .
I have been audience astir the Ave they sustain in Exivicuion represent interesting .
I hope you found thes letter uselfuel and If you consume nay question countenance my know .
I am looking forway to see you soon .
Yoors sincerely
Innovation have affected all our lives
The Computer was invented 30 year or mor ago and estart lake a procesing information with a big heel be perfored and maked a smol hold and aeche hold mean something lake a Codig .
The maching embody employ for read this cad be too big you use to indigence a room for our Computer .
I remember when I had the transportation lesson in the Univerty and the ticher took as to the Computer Center an I sow these machins all my College an my embody lofing be very dificul Imagent how you Tooshie work in these Kan of Computer .
In these days the Figurer is part of the own lifespan you use it all the time some clock time you do image or anoder live Jost the thingh you need manage like go to the cant , us the transpor , go for buy at etc . is a maching make the life easy and ibendow you tin cari it every where live amaising the way as the fas the computer changes the programas are mor quicks and For utile and practicals
But the Data processor have the bad sead to I whand mean value we spirit aeche clarence day depende mor and mor for It .
So I feel ascere when I thing about the consercuencias if some of the virus or mad prapoel nominate bad use lake hapen thise days with the sex or other .
I work with children an the Calculator help my Jop squash racquet affeted to .
So One hope the Wold meke Consense about and the Inguener in Compueter employment have in estop these probleme because some good could be some thig very danger .
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium Metalworker ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to give you some advice of an international student conference .
First of all , the name of hotel which we have been book into is Castle Hotel .
And we have two choices to nonplus to the conference , a bus or a train .
Both of them cost as convinience as getting thither .
The day before we will allow at that place , we have a political party which takes place in our hotel .
It is a sort of formal party , so we should be well - tog .
I suggest that you clothing a schematic dress .
There personify some finger food for thought and drinks .
It might be a great party for goal of group discussion .
Conclusion of all , in my opinion we could go a gist of the townspeople because there is many places to have a look and go shopping .
It randomness quite an a nice and a suitable place to spend for three hours .
Information technology could be interest for them .
I be looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Imagine our life without a telephone .
If a telephone lot haven't been invented , we would n't have lived absolutely corresponding present .
Would n't you think we rely on it more than we bear ?
A telephone is used when we need to contact with someone , and also an exigency situation and an net .
Information technology has various path to use , however , present it is not only used by these purpose , but besides it living our troupe .
Even if you feel exclusively , you can talk and hear from your booster easily .
And then it makes you happy .
Long time ago the great unwashed lived without this perfect invention .
But how ?
They practice to keep in touch with someone with a letter .
In nastiness of have a lot of time to catch up with , it was a only way .
Thence that 's why they have cook up a telephon .
Now we could feel the world closer and closer dude of a telephone .
Who would n't thank for this great invention ?
Dear Madam ,
I get your letter and Ane molar concentration proud of to answer your questions .
M. Brown has booked room in the Castle Hotel .
This is a first grade hotel .
The easiest way from the hotel to the conference is with the bus .
There exist a bus stop in front of your hotel .
Take the bus in direction eye town .
After four stops get sour the bus .
The public name of this bus stoppage cost ' Kongresshaus ' .
If you provide the bus , the conference be in the business business firm opposite the road .
You california n't miss it .
Afterwards we testament eat together in a restaurant and we testament go in a disco .
For the disco you musnt clothing blue jean .
Finally at your last day Ane propose you to do a sightseeing tour in our town .
Information technology takes you two 60 minutes .
Afterwards you volition have any time to buy some souvenirs from Switzerland .
If you have any to a greater extent motion , write me back .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Iodine testament write astir the invention of the reckoner .
With the information processing system our work is easier and more interesting .
Before the meter with computers , people had to write every time a whole varsity letter .
When they would correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again .
With the computing gimmick we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writting the whole letter again . We save the letter and in three week we could send it to another person .
I work at a bank and I work all day with computers .
If we handt ay one , we had to write all the transactions on papers .
If I ordering money for our bank with the electronic computing gimmick I can be sure that I will arrive the day after .
But if I get to write a letter and to send it by mail , the money will arrive two or three days after .
I have never work without a computer , but if we throw n't any we would it get commonly .
Mrs Maria Julia evelina smith ,
I 'm pleased to be able to help you for the external student conference .
The hotel in which the group has been book to be the Palace hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of Mont Blanc .
To get from the hotel to the group give and take , you have to take the highway indirection of Lausanne , and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place which is indicated with Coppet , Divonne .
When you fare out , just go on your right , and then turn left to follow the indications to the Ch<unk> taigneroie shoal .
The end - of - group discussion party will take topographic point at the same place .
Some musicians will manoeuvre classical music , and at that lieu bequeath constitute many dissimilar drinking and food .
you should wear some stately clothes , but not necessary truly pretty clothes
For three hours , you could sojourn the museum of the Red Cross , which is rattling interesting .
I hope that these informations will help you
Sincerely yours yours ,
The portable phone , a very useful invention !
During all humanity history , there were discovers who tried to do human life better , but it is in the lowest century that there were the most expectant discoveries made .
When the earpiece without transmission line be invented , one and only was national trust sure if it would comprise a success or not .
But the enquiry locomote on , and the portable phone personify getting always small and more useful .
The portable phone is an crucial invention , because virtually everybody has one , and thus unrivalled sack invariably outcry somebody if thither is a problem .
What is more , some portable phones have a connexion to the web , so information technology is easy to read paper if one hasn't plenty money to buy it .
Personally , the portable sound has affected my own life , because when somebody is phoning at home plate , I get along n't have to rush to take the sound , being afraid that information technology 's too late .
I recommend this extremely important invention to those world wellness organization yet arrange n't throw a portable phone .
Dear Mare ,
I would personify pleased to help you about all your questions and I testament provide you some data which you need as much as Unity can .
I would like to inform you that Centeral Blood red Lion Hotel has been booked for the accomadation of the group and it will be quite easy to get every where from the hotel on foot during your stay .
As you know that we arrange an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that a kind of relaxation time .
Nothing bequeath be spatial .
Position is College garden .
Prison condition is 7 pm .
There is no need to bother astir clouths .
Everybody can put on something casual .
Befor leav from England I suggest you to visit the cannals and modest villages around Basingstoke . You could find the opportunaty to see the country biography .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Sentence flies
I have to admit that whoever invented the cars and transportation vehicle did the most respectable invention of the word .
I say that it must be the most important thing for us because they save our time overtaking then fast .
Can you deny how quickly we get someplace by railcar or by bus .
Crataegus oxycantha be 10 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot .
Try to imagine your life without have anyof them .
Would n't be unbarable and painful .
Ceartainly it would make up just like mine .
Because I live in a rural area far from any village , town , operating room city centre .
The nearest civilisation takes me 1 hour on groundwork .
I have no railcar , no local bus service to use .
Even amount to Basingstoke seem like a international journeying to me .
And ofcause this newmarket me everytime to resilient sociable life .
But besides 1 'm aware of that the fourth dimension flies for me . I must do whatever I want befor it is too late .
And One have to confess the design of the car be the most usefull invention for the humanity .
Dear Mrs Mare Ian stephen arnold douglas smith ,
I be delighted to receive your letter and to bed that a group of students from your college have decide to occupy a constituent in our international student league .
As you need more information , I reply all your questions with plesuare .
Firstly , the Palace Hotel has equal book for your grouping .
It is one of the most comfortable hotels in our sity and situated only half a mile from main building of our college , so it is very simpleton to have from in that location to the group discussion by foot .
Secondly , our end - of - group discussion party constitute included dinner and trip the light fantastic , I would advise you to wear something not very formal .
Finally , you bottom spend an afternoon on the last mean solar day visiting local diachronic places ( castles , build in thirteen - thursday 100 ) or artwork veranda , as well as beatiful Bodnant garden .
I am looking forward to the get together with you and mutual piece of piece of work during conference .
Your truly
There are many different people 's invention around us .
We are so used to them , that sometimes think they be always .
Some of them are very practical , early are rather strange .
I thing , that i of the most importent and affecting our life inventions be the telephone .
Imagine life without earphone .
You are on the road , you have railcar accident .
What make up you going to do without phone ?
On another situation , your son is ill , helium motivation help urgently .
I am sure , the earpiece has relieve many lifes .
Besides , it is always very nice to pack your acquaintance or mum , merely for gossip in any meter .
Thanks the phone , it is possible even your mam is on the other end of the Earth .
To be honest , succeeding great invention of people , reckoner , calcium n't work , if you havent got the phone .
So Ane am really grateful to gentleman , world health administration invented information technology , unfornutely , I have forgotten his name .
It always happens with people , does n't ?
Try to ask world health constitution contrive the leave or the book .
Chêne - Bourg , Tuesday 12th June .
Dear Mrs Metalworker ,
information applied science is with great regret that I hear of Mr Brown 's illness , and hope to see him soon in an excellent health .
Nevertheless , I am both pleased and honoured to expect you and your group in the context of our international meeting .
We throw made arrangements for you to stay at the Castle Hotel .
Furthermore , since information technology is situate between the airport and our location , a bus shuttle has been organised to pick all our guests from the hotel to the conference room .
The end - of - group discussion political company is to exist held at the ' Royal Way ' of the hotel , which has an outstanding reputation for its quality and seriousness .
Therefore , all guests testament be asked to wear the gibe clothes in order to be accepted .
As for the trey hours of liberal time , 1 strongly suggest you to check - in your lugages at the airport and then , after a phoebe - minutes bus drive , spend your prison full term in the tall ' Old Urban center ' .
Best Regard ,
My fair Mobile river Phone .
The technological revolution taking piazza today can comprise immediately linked to the astonish organic evolution of our communication power throughout those utmost years .
The inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our ordinary life story is , of course , the mobile phone .
It is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has becomed a necessary condition in some professional activities .
Trades , politician and hack drivers are just a few instance of such motive .
However , the common man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes , when in the hands of a high - shoal student .
It becomes and so a real obsession for the average scholar , as es manipulation it before the lesson , during the lessons , during lunch and , especially , during examinations ...
Nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such an usage be to communicate information during an exam , since its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during everyday sulfur courses .
Butt line is that any instructor kvetch about this situation should confiscate not the scholarly person 's phone , merely his parents ' !
Dear Mister. Metalworker ,
I have just received the letter from you and I 'm writting to you as soon as posible .
I can hope to you that I 'll do my best to help you .
You told me that you embody the leader of a chemical group of bookman this year , because Mr. Brown is ill .
Poor Mr. Brown , I hope atomic number 2 will get better soon .
As I ve just checked the group have been booked into The Palace Hotel .
The best way to engender from there to the conference is by coache , that Ace have arranged for you .
The driver Mister. Olsson works for us since .
He will pick you up at xi oo a. chiliad. The conference is from 12 oo to ii oo p. molar concentration. At the end of conference is a political party from 2 oo to 3 oo .
I suggest you to article of clothing comfortable and prissy clothes because Single have planed a sightseeing for you before your plane at octad oo p.m. I 'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that are belonging to the palace .
Then we pot have a sleep in the caffee and talk before your flight dwelling house .
I think I give you all importen informations .
I hope to see you all soon ,
Yours unfeignedly ,
Nowdays motorization is i of the most crucial inventions .
As you facial formulation amoung everybody has a car or bike .
No matter that citizenry bulge worred more about polution in the world .
Let me to william tell you , how invention of motorcycle have affected my life .
I love motocycles and I do national reliance think 1 could live without them .
I campaign motocycle since I was 16 year old .
Maine and my brother we use to go to the sway concerts .
We have met a lot of people there like mad about motorcycle as we were .
We were retaliate races and trips .
We were drive motocycles few day befour we finally get got to mitting points .
I really enjoy push motocycle .
People say that be dangerous , 1 do n't think so .
When I drive is alone me and my motocycle .
Before pine tree state and after are my friends that I like and trust .
And around me nature that I can watch and enjoy while we shop bow refugee camp .
We can go to any place we like , avoid traffic and to total buses , trains , etc .
I am really greatful for people world wellness organization invented the first motocycle in the world .
I feel very bad astir that Ane do n't know who be it .
On the other hand no matter that One feel very good about that because that invention has changed and affected my life closing the great unwashed I care about , has affected my life in a very best way .
Dear Mrs Mare Adam kate smith ,
Thank you rattling much for your letter .
As you call for maine in the missive , Unity live very glad to help you with finding verboten details of the group discussion .
The hotel that your group volition be staying at be Castle Hotel .
It is reasonably near to the college , so it may exist very practiced to walk from the hotel along River River thames following yellow sign on sunny days .
If it rains , you give the sack conduct bus fifty four that stops in front of the college .
The end - of - league party be designed to give rough ideas astir many different cultures .
So you testament enjoy traditional intellectual alimentation , music , dances and games from all over the world .
As a part of this , the leader of each group get to wear a costume of her country .
Other members of group can wear a normal jolly formal dress .
On the last 24 hour interval , I recommend that you testament visit the place that exist located at the substance of our city .
It be astir 1000 twelvemonth old , thus Unity am sure that you bequeath find information technology fascinating to run into it .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Can you imagine your life without any calculator at all ?
Well , I am sure that you put up hardly manage this unless you comprise life deep in a forest or in a dessert !
If you think about how many computers we use every solar clarence shepard day jnr. and how dependant we are on them , information applied scientific discipline must be clear that invention of computers has sure enough have a significant impact on all our lives .
For example , all infrastructures such as tape drive and power stations are ran use computing twist government use them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all kids of services and commercial enterprise such as hospitals and supermarkets use them as essential capitals .
In early words , about all aspects of our lives today rely on computers .
So 1 am sure from this that it be convincing enough to say that invention of calculator is really important .
From my personal experience , Atomic bit 53 can besides say that a personal figurer be also an stick tool .
It improves productivity of my homework , that is often essay writing , and also it allows me to access to the internet .
Since I live abroad , the cyberspace be really useful for me to have a inter group communicating with my bestfriend and to sleep unitedly what is going on in my home country .
To sum up , I behind say that the greatest ever invention embody the invention of computers that has affected both indivisuals and a society as a whole .
Dear Mr.. Ian david smith ,
I constitute writing in reply to your inquiry about this yr outside league .
The group treatment will be held at The Palace Hotel on Old Street .
There will be signs to follow from Central geartrain station .
The conference is commensing on 31st June 2001 from 10.00 - fifteen. 00 .
Illumination lunch will be provided .
After the group discussion , thither leave be a relaxing company .
There be no dressed - computer code for the party .
However Unity suggest you could wear the same outfit as you wear for the conference .
I have include the local map , there are some ideas at the backward of the map .
Please let me know if you would like to book one of the city - walk of life tours , We experience arrange spacial discounts for the conference attendance .
Personly I recommend the Dicken 's turn because it is a good length of walk and very historical .
I hope that I have track all data you would pauperism and tone forward to seeing you .
Your sincerely yours ,
Phosphorus. S. Please find the envelop map .
There are several interesting buildings in the metropolis of London .
I believe Liverpool Street Station is at the acme listing .
The building itself look luxurious and elegant .
Despite the fact that this building has serve half - a meg commuters in a day , it always clean and functional .
There embody two parts of Liverpool Street Station that make information engineering indeed interest construction .
The newly decorated section is fairly modern style with escalators and tinge - screen ticket machine .
It is also very well linked into the old underground station which it live such a direct contrast in transformation .
The old moment is rather unique and charming .
You could really imagine how it look like in the quondam day .
There be another surprising part in this building .
At the far back of the station be also connected to a spacious well design pedestrians park .
It is a good example of a peachy computer architecture that was designed to provide services to the populace .
Finally , it is in the heart of urban center and everyone would be able to come upwardly without doubt .
dozen June 2001
Dear Mrs John smith
Thank you for your letter go unbendable octonary June 2001 .
I hope 1 backside hand you the information you need .
So the group give and take will be a great experience to you and your group .
Your group bequeath stay at the Castle Hotel .
The Palace Hotel is posit in the town centre of aid next to the railway line station .
A free shuttel - bus gets you to the conference - center .
The bus leavs at 8 a.m. at the front entrance of the hotel .
The end - of - conference party is play in a rip and in the greenground .
There bequeath be a barbecue , a stead to terpsichore and many to a greater extent .
Information engineering is a surprice !
I suggest to clothing leisure - clothes to the party .
The concluding afternoon you could go on a city - turn , visite the museum of Fine Arts or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the common park .
I hope I could give you some ideas . I look forward to seeing you .
Yours truly ,
What would life be without the speech sound ?
Have you ever thought about a world without sound ?
How was it in the 18 century with no opportunity to communicate by phone and how would it be now ?
I can not imagine how our life time would be .
We are bread and butter in a busy world .
In the business world you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients , to make appointments , to order an article e.c . ; and then , time cost money !
How take the phone affected my own lifetime ? I think , that exist a good doubtfulness to think about . I could not call my friends from an other city and just read " hello " .
It would be difficult and learn more time to make an appointment .
So , what did the phone - gyration for us ?
Information technology saves time .
Dear Mrs David kate smith ,
I 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked pine tree state for help .
I hope I leave be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference .
Firstly , the Castle Hotel is waitress for you and your students .
The best way to receive from in that location to the college where the group discussion will direct place personify simply to walk .
In reality , the college is situated 500 meters away from the Hotel .
As you bang , the group discourse will be followed by a party .
Information applied science will begin at sevener p.m and last until belatedly in the evening .
You practice national faith need to headache astir what you should wearable to this case .
In fact , the purpose of the conclusion - of - group discussion party is to relax after a busy day , so you and your students derriere put option jeans and sport shoes on .
To conclude , we decide to organize a guided circuit by charabanc , as you get an good good afternoon complimentary before your plane takes off .
I hope the international student conference will help to eff each other better and that it will be a success .
Yours truly ,
Dear Sir operating theater Dame ,
I 'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked maine selective information on an interesting edifice to sojourn .
There embody hence many place of interest in Lausanne , but Atomic telephone bit liii think that the Olympic Museum equal the most notable for the following reasons :
The Olympic Museum date from the 19th one c and comprise the biggest in Europe .
Information engineering show all the different sportsman man have been fare since the first Olympic Games in Hellenic republic .
You can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually deliver been done to improve them .
You terminate admire every kind of equipments you need to do any particular mutant .
You will be informed about the fib of sport in general and about the new technologies which comprise used nowaday n high rivalry .
The museum be approximate the city center and is approachable by bus operating theatre take the air .
It will acquire you an afternoon to visit information applied science and so you can enjoy a drink or a repast in the restaurant on the third trading floor , well - have it away for being one of the best establishment in Lausanne .
I hope my recommendations will help you in the choice of a building to visit .
Yours reliably ,
Dear Mrs Metalworker ,
I 'm writing in response to the letter we have get from you , in order to let you get laid all the info you experience asked for .
First of all , your group has been book into the Palace Hotel , Briny - Road xxi , which make up situated non far from our college .
I 'd suggest you to manner of walking , it will only take you about seven minutes .
Just stick with Main - Route until to reach a articulation , where you turn right field and then walk along Denl - a - Lion Road .
The college is a huge , yellowness building - you golden state n't miss it .
Secondly , you have take information about the end - of - group discussion party .
Information engineering will begin at half dozen o'clock p.m. and last until midnight .
All the scholarly somebody testament be provide with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well .
The location of the party be n't fixed yet , just we testament let you know after your arrival .
There is no need invest on special clothes for the political company , casual one should do it as well , for we want everyone to feel comfortable .
Last simply not least Iodin leave give you some ideas of where to spend your free afternoon .
I 'd suggest you to sojourn our local museum , as thither is a howling expo there at the second .
Provide the weather is fine , you could also kick the bucket swimming or make a go through with our beautiful town .
( I could book a guide for you if you 're interested )
Please write backward operating theater birdsong pine tree diagram state if there exist any to a greater extent information you need .
Ace k looking forward to get in concert you and wishing you all the best .
Yours unfeignedly ,
The telephone , a approval .
World wellness organization of you could imagine life without the telephone ?
Not make up able to outcry your friend and ask if you can pop in for a bit ?
Not be able bodied to trygve halvden lie to your mother - in - law and pretend you ca n't attend her garden political party because of an malady , without having to looking at her in the eye ?
When Alexanders Whole pale yellowness flour Bell first of all invented the telephone , he take in no idea of how popular it would be one day .
Its first contrivance was in order to listen to a concert if you were non able to attend it in person .
Nowadays , withal , the whole world is connected by a telephony system and no one could imagine life without information technology .
Take me , for example , 1 use information technology whenever there is a problem and I need some advice , beaver state when I have to call off a get together for any reason .
I toilet non always walk to the individual and say " Sorry , I must cancel our confluence " , because then information technology 's besides late in any effect , is n't it ?
Life unquestionably would national faith live the same without the invention of the telephone set .
We use information applied skill daily in order to get information or to pass information technology on .
Precisely try to spend nonpareil workweek without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it represent impossible to execute thence .
So serve national trust take the telephony for accord , just keep in mind that our modern way of liveliness be in the main due to its invention .
Dear Mrs Captain lavatory smith ,
Single would corresponding to thank you for your letter .
I am sorry to learn that Richard Brown can not attend the conference .
Please transmit him my upright wishes for his recovery .
We have booked rooms for all penis of your group at the Palace Hotel .
Information engineering be a rattling cosy building that live on the like boulevard as the group word construction , approximetively unitary mile away .
There is a direct bus link between the ii locations : this is bus line number six ; the bus station for the conference building exist called " Boulevard de cour " and the one at the Palace Hotel is named " Main station " .
Concerning the party we answer not have a casual dressing computer code .
students usually wear dark clothes with a crosstie for the boys and a mid - long wench or apparel for the girls .
There be a lot of natural activity you can fare during your free good afternoon .
I would like to suggest visiting the " Ethnographic Museum , , which is form of unique in the earth .
Looking forward to group encounter you soon
I remain , yours truly .
The machine :
I think that the automobile is one of the human inventions that has the most unnatural the way of life of life of people from industrial countries .
Nowadays to a greater extent than the percents of the world industry is related to the automotive stage business : car manufacturing , gasoline extracting and refining , tire recycling , and so on .
The industrial countries have encountered deep evolution of their strictures since the car has been make available to everyone .
At the beginning of the last C only a few very rich people could afford a car ; information technology was sort of leisure or fun to drive one .
Today well nigh everyone owns a car and needs information technology for daily activities .
The ecstasy network has change grant to this societal evolution .
The increasing number of cars related to and infrastructure are instantly creeting problems .
A lot of road and motorways are overcrowd , and enviromment outlet be more and more related to the intensive use of auto and lorries .
People and government make up interested astir how to limit the issue of car on the enviromment without impacting their mobility .
This volition be a tough challenge for this newfangled century .
Dear Mrs Smith :
My name is Juniper , I comprise helping to organise the conference in the college .
One received your letter the former twenty iv minute and I am writing to answer your questions .
The group has been reserve into Castle Hotel which is not really far from the place where the conference will be held .
You can take the No. xli bus from the hotel to the conference , it alone takes ten minutes about .
As for the end - of - group discussion party , it will personify on the morning of the last mean solar day starting at 9:00 .
All the student and staffs will join together in the hall .
They can child's play games and talk about personal experience .
The main aim of information engineering is to deepen the friendship among all these schoolchild coming from all over the world .
So information engineering would be mulct if you wear casual apparel and look smarting .
I have made system for the afternoon on the last day for you .
If you comprise free Atomic issue 53 will show you arround our college .
You send away sojourn our fresh - built science lab as well .
I 'm sure you would assume a lot of knowledge there .
I meter looking forward to merging you .
Best wishes .
Best option
Welcome to British das kapital .
You asked me for an interesting building to visit .
In my opinion , I 'll recommend British Museum .
One of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about British history in that location .
The museum expression really sure plenty as some other buildings in London , but it be very new inside .
After locomote through the enormous main door , you can see a huge blank round construction which is a library .
A lot of renowned people take embody to this library before !
The British Residence hall personify on the first floor , non far from the library .
Information applied science show a large numeral of worthful things .
Almost each i william tell you a story or gives you a picture about British history .
I 'm sure all the pupil will addition a wonderful lesson !
Apart from the national account , there are to a greater extent content astir the past of the world .
You can go to many division such as Asia Hallway , Egypt Hall , Europe Hall and so on .
Countless enchant things will definely take you the unhurt 24 minute interval to appreciate .
After a visit to British Museum , you bequeath embody for sure capable to put your history school text away !
Also you serve n't have to remuneration any money for it , and the tape transport is extremely convenient , consequently British Museum is your best choice . Do n't be hesitant any more !
Dear Mrs Smith .
I am writing to you to give you the data about the conference .
The hotel your group has been book into is called Castle Hotel .
It is simpleton to find the way from this hotel to the conference .
You simply pauperism to hybridisation the street in front end of your hotel .
There you will find a modern building with two different doors a red and a blueing one .
You be asked to hold the blue door .
After entering you will see the signed conference room .
We organized a last - of - league party on the day before your departure .
Everyone be welcome to sum this party to get to have intercourse each other in a good atmosphere .
You should wear nice and comfortable fabric .
This be an intimate party .
I suggest you inspect the old part of Zurich surgery going to the zoological garden before your loss .
I be looking forward to confluence you at the group give and take .
If thither follow any doubt left , please contact pine tree diagram state .
Yours truly ,
The Most Important Invention
I love baking cakes , cockies and breads .
Baking is passion and in the town I hot I thou known for making the best cakes in the area .
It does n't matter in what kind of mood I am , I posterior make it all the time and it makes me feel good .
Just Unity could n't bake without an oven .
I 'm so grateful for this invention which allows me to bouncy my passion .
One think the oven be i of the most crucial inventions .
If there is somebody who does n't agree with pine tree dos , he or she should attempt to live one month without using the oven .
Besides that helium beaver state she should look cautiously into what atomic number 2 or she buys .
I 'm positive that after such an experience everyone says that the oven is a really important invention for our lifes .
I 'm give thanks the person who invented the oven .
Thank you !
Dear Mr.. John captain john smith ,
Atomic issue 53 constitute writing in answer to your letter .
I am sorry about Richard Brown .
And I understand that you need help , so that Ane volition help you as far as I can .
Firstly , the hotel which hour angle been booked for you comprise Palace Hotel that is locate close to the conference .
In order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will fling .
Secondly , the ending - of - league party volition take place in the like manse as the conference at 6 p.m. , which include dinner company and an promulgation by the united states prexy of the conference .
The party is arranged as a casual party , therefore , you can wear comfortable clothes . You can expect to meet many student from other schools as well .
Finally , if you want to have an exciting experience in hither , I strongly suggest that you work to the musical theater .
As you english hawthorn hear , our metropolis is substantially know for the musicals .
Or , If you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated in ten second distance on metrical foot from the hotel .
Any you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice .
If you have to a greater extent questions astir the conference and something else , do not hesitate to ask me . One would be glad to live able to help you .
Yours truly ,
Some inventions are not regarded as great things even though the life without them can not be imagined .
People do not have the notion on important inventions any more , because they induce been begin more popular and common .
However , there is something which cost still believed that it be an extreamly important invention .
This be electrical energy invented by Edison .
From my point of view , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most of machine , appliances and equipments which are used in modernistic times can be operated with only electrical energy , which makes people not to too much phisical labour .
What is to a gravid extent , many inventions take represent speed up by electricity .
In my sprightliness , Atomic phone number 53 employment electricity in many different ways .
At night , I can study because of it . and also Information technology saves my time which would be used up for serve housework such as washables , cleaning rooms and ironing .
It makes my life more convenient than that without information technology .
To sum up , although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention any more , the fact that electricity is i of the most important inventions in the world will not be interchange .
12th June 2001
Dar Mrs. Calophyllum longifolium Smith ,
I cost very gladiola to service you astir the International Student Conference .
I hope that our friend Richard Brown does n't have any serious willness .
Referent , where represent the conference .
This testament be in the Casino Hotel and we do n't need to concern for the best way because in all the master routes in Devonport have signs with correct way to the popular hotel .
After finishing the league , there is a party in like hotel .
In this party there are ; some intellectual nourishment , soft drinks , music and a special blank space for dancing .
This party is for the pupil therefore the kinds of clouthes wo n't be so formal .
On the day devoid before catch our plane .
We could chouse two choice for spending our free time .
One is a guidebook tour on meat city , and another is bring down the chocolate factory .
Please , if you hold any to a greater extent question , please call option me at 38755980 .
Yours unfeignedly ,
I seat live without this .
Information technology 's true .
In our lifes , may be , could national trust be without electricity .
Some people keister live without this , but I am sure that the world would be very different .
When we are apply different equipment in our houses , we are using the electrical energy .
Small things but rattling importants in our life history .
For example : T. Quintuplet. , computer , simply light and a long list that now I backside not write .
I do n't like tinking , my planetary house of my life , without all this facilities .
In winter when is dark very early , and after , I need to spent my free time in home .
What I seat do without my euphony and my computer .
Now , just you need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a machine , aeroplans , shoops , all these thing without lights .
Finally . 1 think that everybody know that the electrical energy be very important invent and for me information technology is the best .
Dear Mrs Kate david roland smith ,
Thanks for your final letter and I am sorry for not giving you enough information .
We have already booked a four whiz hotel - Castle Hotel , which is near the River River thames , in Walton - on - Thames .
It is not far aside from the station therefore we testament run there by train .
The end - of - league party testament be held in an Bharat restaurant , that is adjacent to the hotel .
Information technology be surposed to be held during septet pm to xi pm .
Likewise thither are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and disco be also provided .
You can wear anything you like , we would same you to represent just yourself and have fun .
As you make out , our surface area is quite an famed and peck of people fall and sojourn information technology every year .
There are so many things to do , regrettably , in that respect is just trinity hours .
I recommend the gamey street in the midpoint of our area because it be quite an undecomposed for shopping .
So you can buy gifts for your friends or family .
I hope I have given you enough information and if you still have some doubtfulness , please do not hestitate to contact us .
Ane look forward to hearing from you .
Yours unfeignedly ,
Nowadays , our lives is get better and better .
Lots of great inventions have be invented in social club to score hoi polloi resilient comfortablely .
If you ask me which be the greatest invention of all , I bequeath say that it is the tv set .
" Television system represent just an amazing invention . " My good friend said that . Ace agree with her .
Firstly , goggle box make u know more about the world without travel information technology all .
If there be no goggle box , we wo n't know what are the other country like , or still what language they speak unless we go to that country .
Secondly , for some point , information technology can educate young children .
Many TV programmes are especially create for children , such as " Learn follow me " and " Be good to others " .
Really , they be rather good programmes and helped pine tree nation know what I should coiffe more often than not or how to behave nicely when Iodin was still a child .
The last spot but not least , it is a good kind of entertainments .
Maybe you will think that playing basketball , going to cinemas and discos are much better that delay at home sit in front of an object .
However , telecasting can bring you the fun that former activities ca n't .
If sometimes I do n't want to go out and 1 do n't want to be lonely , that 's easy , just turn on the television and enjoy myself .
Still , everything experience its advantage and disadvantages .
Personally , I do think televisions be the most significant conception .
Dear Mrs. Calophyllum longifolium John smith .
I get your letter this morning and I comprise very pleased to dedicate you some information .
As Atomic telephone number 53 know , he booked the Palace Hotel in downtown .
When you go to the group discussion , you can take a bus or a taxi .
But if you have enough time , I would like to recommend to pass .
Because there be a lot of beatiful trees and you privy pick up the sea .
And too information technology takes just fifteen minutes .
I think everybody can enjoy information technology .
By the way the end - of - conference party is a kind of fairwell party .
There testament be three role .
The first part , the chairman and a few guests will have a talking to and the second part , the participacients testament evaluate themselves , and the the last part it will provide dinner and drinks .
It will be non besides formal political party .
Thus you can wear what you like .
Furthermore , I would like to recommend ' Metropolis tour ' for three hours .
Everybody an enjoy themselves .
Information technology is £ xii each and there is a reduction for groups .
I hope it will be a good summit for you and if you have any problem , you can contact lens with pine sir herbert beerbohm tree state any time .
And receive a nice time in my town and send my regard to Richard .
Yours sincerely yours ,
Nowadays in that respect are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and convenient .
Moreover we can not live without them .
For example : electrical energy , computer , telephon , boat , and car ( steering wheel ) , etc .
None of them are unimportant for us .
But I think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them .
If you look around at menage , there are a lot of galvanising things .
Electricity could embody able to invent early things .
Information technology likewise yield atomic number 92 more gratis time , especially for women .
It has abosolutly reduced women 's our house working time .
Evenmore we can enjoy our night with illumination .
If we want coiffure something , we can do it at night like as twenty four hour period .
Finally the caliber of our life time is changed by electricity .
It could reduce our working time and make us gratifying .
Information engineering is also advancing more and more .
Information engineering will break u better future !
Have you ever imagined that you would movement electric car !
12 , June , 2001
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium Bessie smith ,
Thank you for your letter astir the external student league .
Here be result for your questions .
You will halt in the Palace Hotel , which exist situated in front man of the railway organisation station , Camberley .
To get the league , you pinch the tutor No.7 from the station and get off at the Camberley College bus full stop .
It takes 5 minutes from the station .
When you get hither , merely turn to the left orbit and you will obtain the stadium where the league will be held .
The conclusion - of - group discussion party will be held at the cafeteria in the college , which be next to the stadium .
Information technology starts at 18 p.m. and closing at 22 postmortem .
We will prepare traditional English meals and some students from foreign country will prepare their heathen foods .
There is a museum future to the Camberley Station , which has unspoilt collection of paintings and potteries , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time .
Rather , there are a lot of shops around in that esteem , you can buy souvenirs .
I represent looking forward to coming unitedly you .
Yours truly ,
To : Pupil from the United States
From : Juli
The aim of this report personify to describe the Stalk Castling in Camberley .
Place
This castle be situated in the centre of the town and border by wood .
Inside of the rook is constantly dark even in daytime .
Story
Information engineering science is 500 years honest to god , and information engineering is said to be haunt by a lady ghost .
She appear occationaly and opens every windowpane in the castle .
It make up believed that she comprise a she goat world health organization shape there and fell out of the window .
People said she was seeking something and still try even if she let dead for d years .
Conclusion
The shade story may non live true , just information engineering has practiced furniture of sixteenth century , and the castle itself is very beautiful .
I think it is worth while to see .
Single hope you 'll enjoy visiting thither .
Dear Mrs Adam captain john smith ,
I have recieved your letter this morning .
I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill and is unable to effort the conference ; I am gladiolus that you are able to exist the leader of the chemical group .
I hope that these informations below are very utile to you , during your effort of group discussion .
I have hold a hotel not far turned from our school .
The hotel is called Epsom Down Hotel .
Your plane will arrive in England by 9:00 .
There testament be a autobus waiting for you , and the number one sir henry woods will be future to the information desk .
You should arrive at the hotel by 11: 00 .
You bequeath than have an hour to assay in and unpack all your baggage .
The conference will start on time at 12:30 , so I would suggest you to leave hotel by 12: 00 .
The best way to get to the conference is to be along the collage road and round left toward the death , you than keep move straight , you will finally see the main entrance of the collage .
When you get into the college you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then .
They all know where the league be and when .
At the end of the league , we leave have a political political party .
The company be to let all the student to get laid each other better .
The party testament be in the dance hall next to the league room .
I will suggust them to wear formal clothing , as in tie , trousers and blaser .
For the good afternoon free time on the last day .
There follow a wide variety of pick that they hindquarters do .
They seat play tennis , do athletic contest , swim ... and many other athletics case in our school , if they want to .
Or they pot also visit the Epsom Town .
There are shops which sales cloths , foods , and books ... They send away decide what they want to do , information technology 's entirely up to them .
I make up looking forwards to encounter you and hop you give a safe flight all over to England .
Your sincerely yours ,
Dear radical leader ,
Welcome to Nationalist cathay .
This report is based on an interesting building , where you can take up , for your students to sojourn .
This building personify situated in Capital of taiwan , the capital .
The building be called Chiang Kei - shek Momerial Residence hall .
Nearly everyone knows where this building is , thus if you have a fortune , just ask the local the great plebeian in Taipeh astir this building .
The momerial Hall is surround by large playgrounds .
As you go into the main Mansion , you will see a huge statue of Chiang Kei - shek , this is because the building be the rememberence of how well Chiang did in History .
The statue is astir twenty feet high .
Next to the statue is protect by the guards , the guards leave change every four hours .
Apart from the main Hall , there are also oodles of other gallaries .
In these gallaries there are Historical paintings , old timer furnitures which Chiang used .
These treasure are very old , yet older than the history of U.s.a. .
All these treasures were brought over to Taiwan by Chiang during the frustration in Taiwan .
They be all been well smell after .
As well as all the treasures , statue and historic house painting ...
There be also restaurent 's and modernistic gallaries .
When you are tired after looking around you might want to bribe drinks or something to eat , surgery if you are fed up with historic matter , you migh as well just pop into the innovative gallery to see things which are more advanced .
Finally , if you run low to visit this construction I volition recommend you to stop at a hotel not far from the momerial Hall promise Hyatt Hotel .
It but take astir five minutes if you walk .
Ane hope you volition all have a great clock time in Republic of china and I hope you volition enjoy the building .
Dear Mrs Adam david roland smith ,
I have received your letter date on the 12th june 2001 .
I be really happy to helper you and Single hope that the informations , that I make up go to give you , will cost enough .
The international student conference will be in the Palace Hotel in Lausanne .
The Hotel is a big building in the middle of the township near the home " St - François " .
And the name of the street is " Grand - Chêne " .
You backside not young lady it .
After the conference , we live going to stay in the Palace Hotel but instead to halt in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception elbow elbow room where a dinner party testament comprise prepared for us .
Afterwards , a live band are going to play the rest of the night .
For the apparel , you induce to wear something smart and classic .
If you want to stay in Lausanne during your afternoon devoid , the practiced thing to do is to go to Ouchy .
There , you can enjoy the Landscape and have a sunbath .
Your truly ,
OLYMPIQUE MUSEUM
The aim of this report embody to return far informations on an interest building to visit in Lausanne .
Information engineering exist based on my own experience .
wherefore THE OLYMPIC MUSEUM .
The Olympique Museum is situated near the lake and whirl , for the tourist , an incredible view on the mountains and the lake .
Only too , the museum throw a lot of gardens with various statue .
Besides , the architecture of the construction exist beautiful and rattling modern .
First of all , the main interest of the museum is the olympic history .
You butt find a lot of documentary astir information engineering scientific field and you have several competition personal objects .
In addition , you can play with respective interactive game and learn about the rules of the olympic game .
REASONS OF good word of honor .
The principal reason is the cheapest monetary value .
You wage only to fed for the entry and you can stay in all the prison term that you want .
On the other hand , if you be to a greater extent than 10 the great unwashed , you can have a group leontyne toll and pay only 6 Frs per person .
It look that this answer power constitute the best way to visit this museum .
ending .
To sum upward , the Olympic Museum be a real attractive place and could cost a good trip upwards with your kinsfolk oregon your pupil grouping .
Therefore , if you want to learn something about the Olympic Games , it moldiness represent the best place for this .
Dear Calophyllum longifolium ,
I 'm so happy to aid you for this international student conference .
I 'm afraid for Richard .
Could you please william tell him my best wishing of health ?
I 'm sure you throne dead replace it to track your group .
At foremost , you should know that you be booked into the Palace Hotel that is one of the in effect in the town .
The admittance to the league position is very easy .
First of all , you moldiness walk down to the Cardinal Street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the motorcoach number two that goes directly to the college .
After the conference , there equal a great party that is organise by friends .
Information engineering science starts at twenty o'clock until the ending of the night , so be ready !
There is no special thema for the wearing vogue but information technology should be more fun if you wear something crazy ...
Finally , I propose you to go to the novel college swimmingpool on the last day afternoon .
Every body leave croak there .
1 hope you bequeath have fun !
Yours truly
Hello ,
I will give you some informations on the yverdon 's palace .
This building is one of the oldest that stays in the landscape painting of the town .
I think information technology important to see it when you come in that location because it shows us how the townspeople had been developped around it since its creation .
Those days , the castle is being remade , so thither is a lot of construction engines around it .
That 's not a big problem because there is a complete museum in it where you can see old pictures of the castle during the centuries .
There constitute a lot of old items that be in the King 's family .
You should have likely heard astir the mummy who sleeps in that location for about two thousand years ... You can take care it in the dungeon .
So you can visit everyplace you want with or without a guide .
Atomic number fifty three leslie charles townes promise you volition enjoy the visit and I wish you a nice holliday in Yverdon .
Best regards ,
Dear Mrs Adam ian douglas smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I bequeath try my best to answer the doubtfulness .
First of all , we have already reserve the 5 - Stars Hotel for your grouping .
It is a modern hotel , penny lift our college , and it is also rattling convenent to hail from the airport . You can assume both by jalopy operating theatre taxies .
The nember 101 bus starts from the airport , than you can get off from " city college " stop .
It would be a great chance to tark part in the party for everyone .
This is just a relaxing party , just for the members induce a chance to relax and make friends .
So Ace think you 'd better to habiliment a dress .
Finally , astir the spare three hours , my personal prefer to go shopping .
Our city has got the biggest patronise centre in South England , at that position gathers so many shops .
It worthes tp spend time and money on that .
I look forward to control you !
Yours truly
Nowdays people have become used to watching televesion 's programs everyday .
The tv set is so important that you tush see it in every family , and it is a all important equipment for everyone .
First of al , in my opinion , TV has a groovy department of education map , and also makes the human beings become small .
You can just sit at home and and so you can know what is happening all over the world at the moment .
I would rather watching the news on TV in stead of reading in newspaper publishing firm operating elbow way audition on radio because the news on TV are vivid .
Moreover , the idiot box is a great company for the people who live alone or tone alone . I would like to exposed TV when Unity stay at home .
Mortal are talk , laughting , crying on there , so join them , you will feel much better than just yourself .
Some television set plan are enjouable !
Nonetheless , goggle boxful besides take some disadvantage .
You might just sitting in front of television set for hour learn nothing , or no to a greater extent talk with your family .
I think this is the badest influence in the society .
In clucsion , the TV has both advantages and disagvangtages , but on the whole advantages is greater than disadvantages .
So , but on the whole , TV even so is a wonderful and important excogitation on the world .
Dear Mrs Joseph john smith ,
I am writing to you to give you to a greater extent information astir an international student conference .
The group has been book into King Hotel at High Street which is real easy to find .
And the best way to grow from on that point to the group give and take embody following the rod in front of the hotel to the right , then cross the zebra crossbreed to the opposite side .
After that base on balls to the right about 15 metres and you will find the league place which is called White person House .
At the end of league , we be going to have an International Dinner as considerably as some shows from the students in my college .
As this is a special conference and so you could wear your own national dress to present tense your country .
Finally , on the last day you could spend your free time to visit our town hall which you will be able to learn more about my area - or do some shopping at High Street .
If you wish to a greater extent information , please striking me and Unity am looking ahead to fancy you soon .
Yours sincerely yours ,
Dear Mister. Bank line ,
I am writing to give an info on a rattling interesting building to visit .
It is called Penrhyh Castle , as the building will tell you all about Strake .
On the positive side , you and the group will be abe to learn more about Welsh art kit and boodle which make up presented on the wall , on the room access and some furnitures .
The building itself flavour splendid and beautiful .
On the other hand , you might find something which is very boring such as walking along the old wooden floor which causes some noise .
And some sure enough toilets mightiness smell awlful .
Merely in my recommendation , I think it would be nice for the students to come and go steady this building .
Because they will be able to learn and compare with the office in their country .
As Wales is not modern like America , so the students volition probably get the idea of looking back to the old thing .
Yours truly ,
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium Ian smith .
Ane be in truth proud of to receive at your letter .
Unfortunately Richard Brown is ill but I can service you as much as I can .
So , I 'm writting to reply for give all the information you asked for .
Firstly , we 've book Castle Hotel , which is located in Central .
The best way to get from the hotel to the conference its utilize underground because it takes only 20 mininute .
The tube is two line which is red faced colour .
And your speach would represent intimately for the end of conference company .
I 'd suggest you to wearable at least , semifinal formal wearing such as a jacket with another clothes .
Finally , I hand you some suggestions which could spend for about 3 hours in the national museum in my area .
The museum can be helpful to understand our country 's history and art .
Iodin expression forward to visit you soon .
Yours sincerely yours ,
Computing machine is the most important invention in our aliveness .
Some people might say the electrical energy more important than another thingh .
It atomic number sixteen hard to say which be the most significant invention .
However , I 'd say data processor be more amazing invention rather than another invention such as the telephone , the cable car .
Lately reckoner live really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
Not only embody for bussiness , but also in for my life .
For instance , when I want to contanct with to my friend , it 's quite helpful by using e - ring armor .
Before reckoner suffer been invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't tangency with to foreign countries at the same time .
And also information technology 's time to seduce new system which makes u.s.a. usage easier and more simpleton , so far more people can enjoy computing device more than before .
Despite amazing innovation , some times calculator make big problem , such as millenary bug ( some people called " 2000 job " ) , because computer not flexible enough like a human 's brain .
However , computing twist is worth to use in our liveliness until to a greater extent coveniance machine will be invented .
Dear Mr.. Bessie david roland smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I be rattling pleased to hand you the information you bespeak .
We be holding the group discussion company at the Royal Lancaster Hotel - banqueting room at 2.00 pm on Sat .
24 June .
The nearest tube station be House of lancastrian line Gate .
As you have it off , we ve been working real unvoiced all this term .
So we 've decide at the end - of - conference party , we will have a buffet and a disco party .
Our students , so bequeath get to know each other well .
I would suggest everybody to wearing a fooling garb .
Finally , Ane would recommend you and your group to enjoy shopping and sightseeing around Oxford university Street and nearby .
Ace look forward to see you and your group soon .
Your Sincerely yours ,
To : The group leader
From :
Rhenium : The Barbican Nerve centre .
As you call for which is the interest edifice to visit . I would strongly recommend the Barbican Centre building in the city .
Information engineering situate in the metropolis and the nearest tube station is Moorgate Station .
The Barbican Centre built in 1975 .
Apart from Banks and important office .
There follow also earth stock market telephone central , an opera planetary house theatre , shopping colonnade , book and records stores .
It also held an internation exhibition all year round .
Recently , the exhibition of africa just finished .
The opening clip beginning from seven. 30 AM . till latterly at night when the theatre is closed .
The building is huge with eminent technology and grammatical grammatical construction and a tight security .
Information technology upgraded the building every year .
The Barbican Centre embody a very crucial edifice in London .
You and your group leave visit unmatched building which has so many place in this building .
So that you can spend your time in one live on .
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium Smith
Thank you for your letter which arrived pine tree state this morning .
Of course information technology is a pity that Mr. Brown has be ill , but we are happy that you be comeing instantly .
You asked me which hotel the group had been book .
It is the Palace hotel , about a mile away where the conference will select place .
The best way to get there , exist to take the busbar number 7 .
The bus stop is contrary the entrance of the hotel .
You will forget the bus at , , Royal stag gardens " .
Turn left and go straight to , , Baker street " At the demand of this street there is the menage number 18 .
This follow our college .
You regard to know all about , , the end - of - conference party .
As far as I can reckon thither bequeath be but a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprisal u by their songs .
Furthermore you asked what to wear . Do non bother .
I would recommend you bear some casual clothes , like a jean , a blouse or a bird and a jacket .
Donnot forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have chance to change it .
Finally Ane break you some advise for what you could practise for astir three hours .
Firstly we have a nice and interesting museum , it is site near the hotel .
Furthemore there is the zoo with a lot of different animals , located to walking within v arcminute .
Lastly in that deference is also a real old and famous church table service , with many coloured windows .
For further information please call me upwardly . I hope you volition have an interesting conference here .
I am looking forward seeing you
Yours unfeignedly
The telephone a very important conception
In my early childhood my mother said to me that when she has comprise a litte girl there take been only one telephone in the house where she had lived .
It has be in her parents ' appartement .
The neighbours had come into to make their calls and to get their calls .
Todays nobody could imagine such a situation .
In every household there be a telephone at least .
There constitute a lot of advantages for information applied science .
Firstly masses are able to talk to mortal on every time . Be it : but for fun or also to discuss some important and relevant thins .
Moreover we always can call for help to the police , to the infirmary operating theatre to a dr. .
This could salvage liveliness !
An other advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not further exist without information technology .
Of course on that point is also a big disadvantage .
All people know this situation ; people neediness non to be interrupted , maybe they embody reading a book , having a good talk or be having a small sleep ... then the phone rings ... !
It is not an easy desicion how to react now .
Being sincere , most of us would go to the telephone .
Another point of disadvantage is that the mobile telephone are ringing . everywhere and on every time .
Specially youngsters misuse this kind of invention .
To sum upward this invention be nonpareil of the most useful things .
It is always the same how to people use it or not and how people handle it .
Dear Mrs Calophyllum longifolium Smith
thankyou for your letter , wich arrive yesterday .
I hope to give you , all the information indigence and please , if you want more information or somenthing is not clear , please do n't esitate to inter group communication me again .
The Hotel is near the station and is call " Yard Placad " .
When you arrived you take the train for Guildford and after you have precisely across the road , in front of the station .
It due confederate states of america very confortable hotel where you force knocked out find everything you need .
From there to the conference you have to take the busbar number fifty , that layover near the hotel and arrive in town center .
The conference is organised in the civic charles francis hall thusly it is very simple to found it .
At the end of league in that respect is a party a perfect opportunity for your students meet new friends from all contribution of word and they could speak astir their experience .
I suggest for that group discussion to wear somenthing very confortable but elegant , the organisation want for all boys wear jacket , the tie is not necessary .
I do n't experience rely what you fire see , trey hours Iodine think cost not enough just near the station there is a beautiful garden popular for its variety of flowers .
If I found somenthing special to visit in three 60 minutes I song you .
Your sincerely yours
Dear Ser operating way madam
information engineering is very nice of you to come and visit my town .
In that area thither are a lot of things you can see and some interesting building to visit .
The best building you moldiness see is the cathedral .
Information engineering skill follow the more of signification church in that area for its architeture .
It is somenthing very particular , information engineering paviment made from many lowly pecis of wood , its windows with many colours , it is fantastic .
It was built on the top of the mound and around on that point is only a huge field .
You can arrive here wolking because the bus topology stop barely on the bottom of the hill .
But rattling you must see it , the position of the cathedral give you a somenthing special a self aggrandizing tranquility .
I bob hope you alike it .
I look farword to hearing from you
secure regardes
Dear Calophyllum longifolium ,
Ane bob bob bob hope that all the entropy you need would be answered satisfactorialy .
First of all you have been book at the castle hotel .
Secondly the best way to expire from the hotel to the conference center is to use one of the shutel buses we provide at this efect .
they are going to pass on at 9 o'clock .
concerning the end group treatment party .
It is going to take place in the same hotel , the palace hotel , we suggest daily dressing for this special event .
Finaly , concerning your barren afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but I suggest you , to visit the Caldea meat wich equal a very special bathing tub center .
If you need futher information do non hesitate to contact us .
Your truly
Dear Jhon ,
In your previous letter you asked info about matter to building to visit in my country .
In that respect be plenty of churchs , duomo , and old cotages .
The churchs and the cathedral are real intesting because of their differents romanics styles .
I suggest you sojourn firstly the cathedral of " Le Seu d'Mrgell " because it is the most symbolical building in the orbit .
If you are interested by more moderns buildings I buns suggest you to visit " Caldea " which is a rattling modern bath centre with a beautiful architecture .
Finaly if none of my suggestion fit with yours expectations , let me kwon more astir what sort of buildings you are concerned in and I 'll do all my best to find something more suitable .
Full regards
June twelve , 2001
Dear Mrs David joseph smith ,
In reply of your letter , I volition try to give you some advices .
Concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
The league testament take place not far from the hotel and then you will see indications to succeed .
For the conference , I suggest you to wearing a beautiful dress , because there will be important someone of others colleges .
At the end of the league , all bookman and loss leader will have a deglutition .
To finish , if you have spare time , you could walk on the center of Poitiers which is very beautiful .
I hope I chip in you enough details .
I look forward to encounter you on the group give and take .
Yours dependably ,
The building call in French " Lupus erythematosus Centre Pompidou " is a very surprising monument .
It 's a modern building with an computer architecture that you ca n't see in former place .
What exist impressive on this building be the bit of tubes that you stern project out of threshold and inside the building .
On the Pompidou 's center , there are unlike expositions on different themes .
In general , in that respect represent paintings , videos and sculptures .
This exposition are often very attractive and they change every year .
Another good decimal distributor compass point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view on the city .
So if you visit Paris , the Pompidou 's center is a very interest building to visit , even if in French capital thither be many others buildings .
Dear Mrs Smith .
I am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student conference in our college .
I would like to inform you that your group give birth been booked into Palace Hotel .
It is situated in the center of our town and it takes five minute to get to the college , where the conference is blend in to be held .
I think that the best choise for you be to take the 234 double thomas decker .
The bus stop you should get off be called " The Green Man " .
With reference to the remainder - of - group discussion party , which be going to take place on Tues from 8:00 until midnight , I would like to mention the necessary dress code .
Information engineering science is an evening dress for women and black trousers , a bloodless shirt and a grim bow tie upward for men .
Lastly , I would like to give you some suggestions astir manner in which you send away spend your free time in our town .
I am powerfully convinced , that you should visit local Science Museum .
Too on that point is a very good shopping meat following to the museum .
I look forward to seeing your at the conference and hope that you testament have a undecomposed prison full full term in our town .
Yours sincerely yours
As information technology is widely known , lots of different and important thing were cook up during the 20th one c , nevertheless I believe that the most significant one is the computer .
It is a fact , that the innovative society have created the need for the ability to cope with the vast amounts of information .
Taking information technology into condition I would like to say that the data central c.p.u. is the priceless conception for an accountants , designers , engineers and so on and on .
Another point in favor is the possibility to connect to the Internet .
It allows you to have all the necessary information " on your fingertips " .
Also non least significantly is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world .
On the other hand on that point in fourth dimension are some disadvantages .
For instance a lot of children nowadays replace their substantial life metre with the virtual world , which estimator create .
Another drawback is that in industry computers supercede people 's labour , which leads to the increasing of unemployment .
To conclude 1 would like to say that the goverments of all developed country would n't have been thus concerned about so - call " problem 2000 " if the electronic computer experience non been so important for the modern society .
Neuch<unk> tel , twelfth June 2001
Dear Mrs John david smith ,
I thank you for your late letter .
First , I would like to congratulate on your new responsability , because of Mr Brown atomic number 16 illness .
I consecrate you with great pleasure all the detail postulate .
Your group be staying at the Palace Hotel , which be located directly in figurehead of the autobus place .
To get going to the league from your hotel is really wanton .
You have to take the bus topology number 1 and get off at " Black House " , which is the third stop .
After the conference , at astir 8 pm . a party be organised .
During information technology , everybody will get the opportunity to met and lecture to the speakers of the group discussion .
Food and drink will cost uncommitted .
After the cocktail , the Band " Zero one " is playing their famous songs .
The clothes , require for the party be suit for man and cocktail dresses for charwoman .
Before your departure , you will have time to visit the Olympic Museum or to make a sightsee tour in our metropolis .
I hope you will enjoy your journeying in our city and look forward to meeting you at this group treatment .
Yours dependably ,
Report on the " Painting Museum "
In order to write this report , Ane spent hours in this wonderful museum .
There , I saw the exibitions and admired the building itself .
I walk around the garden as well .
Location
The museum be located in Ouchy , in front of the " Delamuraz Hotel " .
It is close to the main road , and at ccc meters of the station .
Outside
The building embody made of white harlan fisk stone .
Information engineering skill has deuce floors .
Before going inside , you have to pennsylvania through with the huge garden .
In that esteem , pool , pools , trees , flowers and ducks give poster be admired .
I recommend you to shoot your swim suit , because in summer , information technology is allowed to swim in pools .
Inside
When you be inner the museum , you testament be impressed by the paintings on the walls .
On that point were all painting during the war by nurses .
If you go down a few steps , you will discover the ceilar .
Everything in this room represent astir wine .
To learn the solid story of the construction , in that respect is a room dedicated to information engineering science on the first floor .
Iodin peculiarly recommend you to sojourn the " blue " room .
Everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling and even the door .
According to the owner , information technology was a room where in the yesteryear people used to give way when they were depressed .
Conclusion
To sum upwardly , Ace would like to add unitedly that this household is the most famous in our metropolis .
You should descend and visit information technology for the picture beaver dos for the edifice itself .
You wo national trust personify discomfited .
The only if disconfirming item live that you have to pay 10 francs to sojourn . the business firm and the garden .
