Dear Mr ,
I have seen an advertisement in your workplace on the internet and I am writing about applying to a summer job as an instructor and child worker in your camp .
If I worked as a teacher in Spanish schools , with children aged between eight and 14 .
I am an easy doing person with a lot of empathy for children .
On the other hand , during my leisure time , I usually did sports like jogging or swimming , adventurous activities like trekking and climbing and especially ecology too 20 years ago .
I have travelled around most European countries , and I am able to understand , talk and write strongly in three languages : Spanish , English and French .
That is why I believe I could be a suitable candidate for the job .
I would like to tell you I would be able to work in the months of July and August .
I hope it will not be an inconvenience to You .
To the end , could you please tell me what salary you are offering for his job ?
What I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Best regards ,
Mirta Rojo
Hi . I 'm so happy to write here , my favorite sport is cycling .
They are nice and good sports , and we especially try them in the morning . It gives the body energy as well as regular work of the heart .
In my opinion , I use this kind of sport for ten minutes daily . I do it because I like it from my childbirth .
My advice to everyone to start learning this sport has to come carefully since the accident because it needs more concentration from the person who is riding it . That is all .
Thank you
I 've been studying English for several years , but I 'm not really sure what exactly is my current goal .
I 've been changing places and I do n't know which is best for me .
What I 'm sure about is the fact that I 'll need an official certificate in order to prove that I 've studied this language .
I study english because I love it and I 'd like to speak very fluently and watch movies without subtitles .
I understand perfectly when a native speaker talks , but when I have to speak in English , it 's not so easy .
I 'm very motivated and I 'm going to continue with my studies , but I have to know where I 'm going .
I 'd like to teach the language to little children .
Tomorrow year , I am going to focus on speaking and perhaps I have a formal test .
Besides , I 'd like to improve my grammar and writing so I 'll keep on trying hard .
Thank you for helping me .
The Britain parliamentary electoral system is unnecessary and undemocratic .
In my opinion , it is , however , the best way on the basis of government .
Consider the general election , in which three parties stand , X , LY , and Z , in a country of 5000 voters .
Suppose 2000 people had voted for Party X and 1500 vote for parties Y and W. Party X would have come to power because they had the most votes .
But there were 3000 people who wanted them to be in power . This is not the majority of the country .
Also , the idea of each constituency having an MP who fights for that constituency 's behalf in parliament .
This has major flawed .
For example , the MP who had recently decided she wanted to change parties .
Yes , I know it 's the MP 's belief that his constituents are meant to vote for the ideas of that MP , but that is n't the case under many circumstances . Voters vote on how that party , for which that MP represents , is doing at the moment .
If a party is in the government it is free to do as it likes , changing its policies until the next general election , at which point it would make hollow promises about what it will do when it next gets into power , just to earn votes .
There is , as I said before , the best system .
If dictatorships do n't exist , this falls at the first hurdle .
In this system , any one man can control a country , having economic disasters for not only that country but for other countries .
There are no fair and perfect ways to run a country .
One could please some people some of the time but not all of the time .
The only method a fair system of government can come about is with a team of about ten people at the most , and even then , people are discontent .
Hi Karina ,
Thanks for your letter .
And , of course , I can tell you about the Dulan .
He 's 23 . He is studying electrical engineering at Kelaniya university and is a second year student .
He has an elderly sister who just finished her IT degree , and now she is hoping for a job .
His mother teaches biology science to advanced level students at Ananda College , Colombo 10 , and her father works in the Peoples ' Bank and is an assistant manager .
He 's a cool , free , charming and very sociable person .
he 's also sensitive .
Whenever someone faces a problem , he is n't looking at others and he goes forward to helping them as much as he can .
Not only is he a responsible and reliable guy .
Occasionally , he borrows my personal things ( laptop , pen drive ) and brings me back on time , as it was .
It 's incredibly hard working.that 's the secret behind his exams results .
He likes going out with friends , watching movie and listening to music - using his high - fi headset , so do n't worry about noise ! He 's a good rugby player and he plays for his university team . He 's crazy about computer games .
He had already completed many famous computer games when we left school . He knew the limits and knew how to manage studies without any disturbances .
He 's keen on sports cars .
This site has a huge collection of pictures and videos about sports cars .
And he has a quite good knowledge about cars .
I know he makes some repairs most of the time himself .
So it may help you during your holiday .
The only harmful thing I can think of is he 's a bit untidy and not well organised .
His room is often a mess and sometimes , he looks for his belongings for hours .
His English writing is very good , but him is n't a fluent speaker , and I 'm sure he 'll learn it quickly .
Finally , I think it 's really nice and that you and your family will get on well with him .
I hope all the above information is useful .
let me know if you need more information about him .
Love ,
Lioyni
A very important definite aspect of the UK constitution , and one which is central to the question of sovereign status , is that it is in the Westminster Parliament that is the supreme legal authority of the UK .
According to an Orthodox school which subscribe to the views of Albert Venn Dick , the Westminsters Parliament is omnicompetent and can pass laws on any subject it likes to regulate : the activities of any person , anywhere , even those of aliens outside British territory .
In opinion , then , the Westminster Parliament passed a law banning smoking on the streets of Paris .
If Parliament did so , British courts would be obligated to accept Parliament 's decision and pass judgement accordingly .
Of court , in practice , as the radical schools ( who believe that the Westminster Parliament is not legislatively supreme ) have pointed out , in this hypothetical situation , Parisians would take no attention to whatever is the UK Parliament 's legislation , and Parliament would in effect be affected .
Dicey said that as each Parliament is omnipotent , and therefore has the power to make or not to make any laws , no Parliament can bind its successors as to the content , manner and form of subsequent legislation .
The Radical likes to point out that since the passing of European Communities Act in 1972 , the Westminster Parliament has ceded its sovereignty and safeguarding to Europe .
The orthodox schools retaliate by pointing out that since Westminster Parliament passed the 1972 Act , thereby pushing the UK into the European Community , a future Parliament could just as easily repeal this Act , and take us out of Europe again .
If that happens , Britain would have retained her sovereignty and Parliamentary supremacy .
Of course , the whole question is still the subject of a fierce debate .
British courts , in particular , have avoided a head on clash by finding ambiguity in domestic statutes and resolving those ambiguities so as to effect our Community obligation , or by finding that a statute passed prior to the 1972 European Community Act was repealed , implied by that act and does not represent the latest intention of the Westerminster Parliament . Or by arguing that subsequent legislation was inadvertant and that the Westminster Parliament could not have intended to come into conflict with community law .
In one recent development , the Europarte Factor Court of Justice rules in the case of R v Secretary of State for Transport Emilio Factortame and others ( in 1990 ) that courts in Britain must suspend an Act of Westminster Parliament which puts the rights of citizens guaranteed by European Community law to their safety .
In this case , it is the first time that it has been mentioned as influenced by the European Court that our Parliament is not supreme , in every circumstances .
It seemed , therefore , that the advent of a single Europe will indeed mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain , regardless of whether or not the Orthodox schools might think to the contrary .
Young people are interested in many things like games , music , television programmes and the clothes they wear .
Young people like kids , they like to play games , listen to music , watch TV , and wear special clothes .
Now in 2015 , the game that young people are interest in is speed stcking .
They are interested in Taylor Swift music because they are so wonderful . Even me hear it every day .
Television programmes in which young people do n't actually like them but they like channels that have horror films , romantic films and films with happy endings .
This year there is fantastic clothes everywhere , especially in the UAE .
Dear Sirs ,
I am writting in connection with your jobs advertisement for the summer camps in the USA .
I 'm a twenty year - old student from Poland and I am looking for an interesting job during summer holidays .
I would like to apply for the job I am offering and I intend to prove that I am a good candidate for this job .
In Poland I have been a Scout for ten years .
They had various tasks . One of them was looking after younger children .
I helped to organise Scout camps all over my country .
We organised lots of sports and cultural actvities .
Since being a Scout , I have also been a lifeguard at kitesurfing camps in Poland .
I am unafraid of working in a kitchen .
I am also able to perform harder tasks , like washing the dishes or tidying up .
I believe you will consider my application ,
Yours faithfully ,
XYZZ
I beg to differ ; crime does pay .
Many criminals live far better than the average American , because they have chosen a life of crime .
Being a crimes has its advantages ; you do n't have to worry about getting fired , you can make more money in less time , you set up your own hours because you 're your own boss , and you can retire well before the age of 65 .
Let s take some time to compare criminal life to the life of the hard working person .
In the economy , any individual who holds onto a job must be concerned with it rather than whether he or she will continue to have that job .
many people have been laid off from work or let go because companies are no longer making enough profits to pay their employees .
Criminal will always be employed .
There is never a lack of work as a means of continuing employment .
If we think about the working day of most working people ,
The average worker works 8 hours per day .
They each make about $ 7.50 per hour for their labour .
This is $ 300.00 per week before taxes and deductions .
Tax deductions will run about $ 69.00 per week and the deduction for medical , dental , and medical , insurance will cost them another $ 5 . 00 per week , bringing their current take - home pay to $ 266.50 per week .
The average criminal must work one hour a day , making $ 300.00 without having to be concerned about deductions for Medical insurance and taxes .
Furthermore , criminals do not have to be at work at a specific time for a specific number of hours each day .
A criminal is his / her own boss .
And finally , the only thing the criminal does have in common with the average worker is retirement .
However , a criminal could retire a lot faster than the worker if they ( the criminal ) managed to save portions of the dollars they had stolen over the years .
If a criminal is arrested at age 15 and works only 5 hours per week until age 30 , he or she could be set for life .
With a fine at $ 300.00 per hour , over 15 years a criminal earns $ 1,170,000.00 .
If they invest half this money and earn interest , they could potentially live on the interest income alone .
When compared to both options here , I 'd definitely say that crime does pay .
I was born in Thailand and have lived in Samutprakan , which is a small city near Bangkok .
There are many types of transportation in Thailand .
I often use a motorcycle , minibus , and , finally , a BT .
Buses are transportation which I rarely do .
From my experience .
Motorcycles are very convenient transportation .
It is the fastest mode of transportation when you are in a hurry .
However , it 's needed in a hurry .
On the other hand , it is not very good for safety .
The motorcycle is the most dangerous mode of travel in Thailand compared to others .
Even we have traffic rules , and some riders are still breaking those rules .
Continue using a minibus . There are various rules for this type of transport .
Gold drivers have to follow traffic rules .
I found that public transport is good ; it costs low prices and travel long distances .
Thank you for your suggestion , people in the low and medium class prefer to using this mode of transport .
People who life around the city usually make appointments downtown .
Because there are heavy traffic jams in Bangkok , they try to avoid other services .
Therefore , BTS is the best option .
It is very satisfied by time and convenience .
People should manage their time easier because BTS is fixed on time .
Therefore , this transport is the most predictable .
Thai is a country that is not strict in the rules .
Therefore , there is hard news about accidents within the country .
Customers and drivers do not have discipline .
I suggest the above problems are the ones that show people the priority of regulations .
Drivers , customers of even the police officers should be cooperated .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I have been studying English since I was 3 in college and I can speak English very well .
I would like to deal with other people 's and I can speak many languages so well comminuted .
I would like to work long weekends because weekdays I go to college and I will be happy to work long hours in the weekends .
.
Homeland Security witnessed one of the most incredible thoughts at work when Albers Einstien went on the scene .
But though his theory [ his and his wife 's ] is technically scientific in nature , it can and does apply to all the areas of human existence .
The theme I 'm speaking of is relativity .
With this theory came also the area of quantum mechanics .
It is difficult to condense in this topic , which has volumes of literature .
Personally , I have found that relativity does n't have its full impact .
This is probablyfor several reasons . Firstly , the notion that each point is a point of departure and that all other points are in reference to that point of departure is rather abstract .
Everything seems impossible and it leaves people grasping for closure .
what Einstien did to humanity 's philosophy was change the notion that closure could be obtained .
The societal idea that is all is well known .
and that it was only a matter of time before the " moment " would reveal the knowledge from " within " was in effect shattered .
The philosopher 's stone was pulverized into utope and nostogic dust .
Since it is my socialism that leads me to the notion of earthtime [ 24 hours = day ] , I think Einstien is part of it .
Even if I do n't claim to understand relativity , I 've attempted to indwell the topic [ like sidphantha and his rock ] .
The point of which is that my notion of time has changed . And I think that once humanity realizes that time and life are human constructions , and that they are subject to changes , then the impact of Einsten 's idea will be felt .
Because now we are left with a world that has used Einstien 's " invention " for intentions not worth the genius , namely : atomic bombs .
The value of atomic bombs can not be underestisted when speaking about human life in the 20th century .
It set - up a whole network of global systems .
USA - USSR , with japan and Germany as the " winners " .
Cold wars ; north - south relations ,
Many things have been generated : names fear !
Family speaking , fear has been the main point of development for global community construction .
I think this needs to be changed , from fear to peace .
A shift in focus if you will .
Some would say this is too ugly ;
However , if mankind sought to understand relativity ( as does Stephen Hawkings ) , our notions would be radically changed .
For now , we must deal with the shortcomings caused by humanity 's use of East Timor 's ideas : atomic weapons .
Finally , yesterday , I went to a basketball club . In my first training I scored 4 balls .
This was my first time playing basketball .
I think I have been very good at it .
My dream is to be a basketball player . playing basketball is really fun and nice .
i loved playing it .
Let me know . I want to play them again
It is undeniable that animals are vital for medical research for its benefits .
Research could use animals ( such as mice and monkeys ) to examine the new drugs .
Secondly , animals are probably used to determine the amount of dosages .
These uses , certainly , identify whether the vaccine is functional .
It defines the maximum dosage and , beyond that , the drug becomes lethal .
Also , one of the main purposes of using a animal in lab is that the antidote for its bites , for instance snakes , have to extract from their body .
A bite could even kill a person if a suitable antidote is not available .
Written about , my favourite sport is talking about one of the best things in my life , since I 've been a sports fan . And have been so all throughout my life .
While I was in large school , I still recall the moment I had to go to Gym class . But somehow later in life I discovered that sports would not just save my life .
In addition , became one of my favourite pasts .
No example of what my mood was is , putting my trainers on and finding new places to discover ... possibilities became endless , parks , the beach , running tracks .
Getting lost in the middle of the woods ... anytime , anywhere .
And then , one thing led to the other and started rollerblading , cycling , skiing or just going to the gym on a rainy day totally changed my mood .
If I had known little at that time that I would get to know the men of my life , thanks to sports ,
As a conclusion , I would like to leave a message to all those young people out there who do n't seem to fit anywhere in America .
Taking part in any free - time activity would help you become a better person .
You learn to share , to compete , to lead a healthy life .
believe that potential lies deep within you and that the sky is the limbo .
As it said from the book " Say it again See it again " , art research is complicated and a lot of time discussed topics .
In academic fields , there is the question of how artistic research related to research is conducted in the academic framework .
When we look it in dictionaries , about what research is in academic study , we read this definition :
" This system includes a systematic investigation into and study of materials and resources in order to establish facts and reach new conclusions " .
According to the UNESCO definitely , research is " any creative systematic activity undertaken in order to increase the stocks of knowledge , including knowledge of mankind , culture and society , and the use of this knowledge to devise new applications . "
Another sources said that research involves searching for and gathering information , usually to answer a special question or problem .
When we look for artistic research ,
He said that artistic research is a process of making artworks .
Those are two terms : academic research and artistic research . That are mainly different from what we expect from the results of this research .
Additionally , in academic fields after research we have some knowledge which could be generalising .
A conclusion for academic research becomes the law which remains in time .
While in artistic research , we work with the singular knowledge which is unique .
And there can not be real statistics or long- term statements because of the experimental sense of the research ; unpredictable , multidisciplinary , creative characters of artistic research are difficult to define as to who artistic research really is .
And artistic research is not only about knowledge ,
This changes peoples ' minds ' sets .
, Artistic research is research because artists look for knowledge to create artworks .
So artwork research exists itself .
I read in a book about artistic research that artists are doing their research on without calling it research .
Mrs Ashby
I wanted to apply for a weekend job in Green Pepper coffee shop .
I am twenty - one years old student .
Food is the est important part of my life and makes me happy .
I really liked to cook for my friends different kinds of dishes from all over the world .
I am used to working long hours because , last holidays , I had a full - time job at a bar at the beach .
I am open - minded and full of smiling people who love meeting new people and learning new things .
I think that I am a calm and friendly person , which makes me satisfied . Clinton is a happy client .
Also , I know Spanish , and it could be helpful to talk with tourists from Spain .
I would like to meet you and get to know you more about my experience working in bars and cafes .
I am looking fooward to hearing back from you .
With kind regards to Clarita
Watching " Cuéntame " might not have been the first film you thought of about the Spanish at the last century , but in fact it was a good example of our country 's history at that time .
Although , he was shot last year by a young director , he knows how difficult life is for him , so it is now more than likely he studied detail society , customs , clothing and hair , because the eldest say it is a tough reflection of the Spaniards life .
Nevertheless , it said through the pensioners that the movie reminds them of their younger age - so it is a realistic film .
On the other hand , it is more than likely that they could be a bit sad and homesick , and maybe they could get off in tears too .
The movie will reflect on the life of the average family , with a toddler and two teenage children , and the grandmother , who always wears black clothes , because she lost her husband in the Spain Civil War .
As parents work out , she used to do the housework , taking care of her grandchildren 's .
Instead , it is watching the beginning of democracy age and how hard it was the birth of some polity parties and , of course , it shows us how women began to smoke , wearing skinny trousers and getting the driving license .
it was a strange change in this country .
To sum up , I strongly recommended this movie , not just to students or young people , but also for middle ages and older people . In addition , it could be a great move for foreign people , so they could easily understand our history .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I would like to try working in the cafe at the weekend .
I have worked cafe many times before and have enjoyed meeting people . I have been using Green Pepper Cafe many times and drinking coffee there .
It went very well and the people working there are happy .
I want to work at your place , as I am interested in many foods , and I really enjoy meeting people .
I also worked long hours in a cafe that I liked before .
Please tell me so soon if I have interview .
school of children
I think children should be educated at school and not at home .
because at school they will deal with other people , learning from youths how to deal with situations , with other thoughts and cultures , and learn with that stuff .
It 's not just that we learn how to stay on a chair , but how to deal with society , too .
Does n't make any sense ? The person can be very smart , intelligent , and intellectual , and know everything about many subjects , if he can not express himself , his ideas .
If he can not act naturally , facing difficulties or staying calm dealing with others ' thoughts , differing his ideas would demonstrate how flexible he can be facing difficult situations .
My knowledge is a combination of the intellectual and emotional parts of our brains .
There must be a balance between these two parts .
So , teaching the child alone at home is not a good idea .
benefits of learning about the child at home is seeing and following exactly what he will learn , the time of study , watching closely how the child assimilates .
But like I had said before , it 's very important for them to help each other deal with other people and situations from little to little , in combining the rational and emotional part of their brain .
It 's a hard decision for parents , more so for those who want control over all the aspects of the lives of their children , but it 's necessary understand how important a decision like that is to the future of those kids .
It 's more important keeping control of everything or letting the child learn from his experience and develop other skills .
I like and really love football .
I do n't know why , just love it . My favourite club is Real Madrid and my favourite football is Kaka and CR 7 .
I do n't care if I watch my favourite club match any time .
By football I can see him .
He 's my favourite player and the favourite over Kaka .
If you can watch his competition , I 'll watch it .
He 's also my spirit .
I had loved football since I was in the 1st year of junior high school . Usually , I watched a football match with my father .
In the middle of the night we were watching together ...
My loveteam is my Country Garuda Team . You 're the best in the world .
My hope is that the national football team of Indonesia could be a big team and the best team .
This idea is completely erroneous .
Money , perhaps , is a necessary evil in order to conduct the daily affairs of life .
Information about money , in some form or another , are required in order to do business trade , commerce and the exchange of property .
My money enables a human being to store what he owns , to pay for his expenses , to sharpen with others , or even to give to those in necessity .
But , it is true that the love of money is the root of all evil .
This is the different concept together .
desires for what we may not have can at times cause people to make mistakes in a way that they might not otherwise do .
Although there is a healthy desire to meet the challenges that we have , sometimes this desire can be pushed to extinction .
As we have often seen on the evening news , a family is broken apart , a company goes under , or a nation crumbling , simply because there is a desperdate desire , on the part of one or many , for something that exceeded what was actually needed or required .
Not even individuals could be destroyed , and who are in constant search of what evades them .
They think that having the " right " car or living in the " right " neighborhood or knowing the " right " people can bring them happiness or disadvantages .
This love of money urged them on , caused them to neglect their families and at times commit crimes for which they are imprisoned .
Our society paid dearly , both financially and socially , for their love affairs with money .
It is a crossroads - cultural thing .
We could be speaking of American dollars , Japanese yen or the Spanish pesetas .
The love of whatever represents financial exchange between parties wreaks havoc on a country , a family and even individual life .
Not the money itself but the love that it persuades men 's hearts , cultivate their minds and influences their priorities and their behavior .
The hoard of wealth to personal benefit or security when pushing people to the extreme is the root of all evil .
It produces selfishness among even the smallest children .
It was not long ago that a 4 - 5 year - old realized the power of money .
He began to hide it . He saved it , asked about it and spent it .
A healthful thing can be turned into a tool for disaster . is money the root of all evil ?
No .
They can be sued for goodness .
It can bring relief for those in need and even extra joy into a life that already has its needs met .
But the love , the overwhelming desires for it that caused people to overlook what was most important and , at times , even commit terrible acts towards each other , , is truly the root of all evil .
History is the identity of people , It can tell the future generations about the past .
All nations and people have their own history and to distinguish this only by the marks they have left .
historical places as well as archives are the cmost common things showing ancien life .
Everything nation has its identity .
In my country there are a lot of historical places that refer to different civilizations .
But the most popular place that attracts more people is the capital , we could call it the Carrefour of civilization .
Different civilizations set up there from byzantine to French , passing by the ottomans and others .
Our attractive historical place is in CASBAH .
CASBAH is an historical city and it has an important story about rebuilding it .
I believe I am a good person for a summer camp staff .
Besides I raised two children , most children are very fond of me .
I always enjoy sport , especially basketball , tennis , and dancing .
I 'm also good at cooking and reading books .
I hope you will select me for the job .
Dear Isabel ,
My new town is so wonderful .
I really enjoy living here !
Our town is near to a lake and in between two bigger towns .
The main attractive are a historical museum and a huge indoor bath .
my favourite place in town is a bank near a lake .
I love to sit there and watch the sunrise .
Best wishes , from my lovely new home .
I live in a tiny village named Fals , of which there are n't lots of people . There are only , more or less , one hundred people .
In my small village , most people are farmers , and they do n't use many cars or motorbikes , they just use trucks and other things .
Therefore , I think that in my village we take care of the environment , because we do n't waste a lot of energy , so I can say that I am living in a healthy village in the polluted part .
But in My country we usually do n't care about the environment because people in Spain do n't think about others , they just think about themselves .
Despite that , most Spanish people do n't think about the environment because they say it 's not the present but the future .
Children nowadays are really involved in technology .
Most fun for children are video games , television , computers and tablets in which people play electronic games and watch movies and cartoons .
But it is clear that television entertains and does our part in our lives , but we also can educate ourselves about appropriate subjects .
For example , something cartoons with their character can teach children to account for other languages , and they solve mathematics accounts for simple added and , more importantly , children can learn how to deal with their parents and their friends and learn what is wrong with them . In other words , television can influence their behavior .
On the other hand , on television , advertising is common which can affect a child 's choices and wills as a kind of toy . He will soon start to ask this question because of the media .
That is why it is really important for parents to have knowledge of what their children are watching and learning on tv .
Thus , television might be good for education , but the time in front Of the screen has to be controlled ; after all , childhood is also contructed to playing on or the open air !
It is apparently due in part to the huge improvement of the automobile industry which creates a better transport environment and dramatic transport .
You can easily travel from A place to T place while stepping into a private car , which will create an electronic delivery lane to compress data from the car with the car 's driver .
Drivers just simply ignite a car engine , choose the destination with the accurate address , map the three dimensions of street view and then drive .
In only five minutes , literally , they arrive .
With the new methods of driving , people do not have to walk along a 5-kilometer road to public transportation facilities like train stations or bus stations , and buy modern cars which provide a better public transport experience .
Dear Ms. Kennedy
Thank you for the opportunity .
It will be my great pleasure to attend the interview at 2:30 pm .
If at all possible , I would like to have a parking place near the office .
Would you mind providing me documents regarding the interview and how long it takes ?
Yours faithfully ,
shundori Aranda
Hello , Lara .
I am happy to meet you .
My name is Rasheed .
I 'm 20 years old and from Yemen . But I live in Saudi Arabia . I love doing exercise to stay healthy .
I reads a lot of different subjects .
In my free time , I learn how to write codes .
Next year , on February 2017 , I 'll be attending university .
I hope to study Computer Sciences .
I hope to meet you soon and think about this .
Rasheed .
Dear Mr.
I am really interested in your property . It is very common to what I 'm looking for from you .
me 'm Matias from Spain . I 'm currently on vacation in Dublin , but I would like to live in Dandalk because I want to improve my English there , because in Dublin it 's too expensive .
I do nt smoke , but I accept it if someone do that .
About the time rental , are the room available for 6 months ?
I would prefer to stay from September to May , more or less , but I do n't mind .
Last question is : Is there an academy for learning English near the house ?
Thanks very much .
please do n't hesitate to contact me if you need more information .
Kind regards .
Mautias Fabio Freire
There is no doubt that all of our dreams of living in a healthy environment which requires a lot of response from both the people and the government .
However , this has not happened for 100 % of people as most people are not committed to doing , as most of them always put the rubbish in the streets not inside the place which they have to put it in .
In the Village , farmers always threw the tailing and the dead bodies of the animals in the canal which dirtied the water which they use for watering the farmland and this has led to the pollution in the food .
As a matter of fact , there is enormous quextreme quantity of ways of transmitting information , which has always been extremely important for people , especially nowadays .
We can receive it as old - fashioned , or traditional , forms of information , such as books , and from contemporary types of media , for instance by TV and radio .
Because all kinds of sources have advantages and disadvantages , there will be some arguments about finding the most effective method .
Actually , broader activities are great opportunities to receive the latest news in the world about a situation or the latest information about different fields of science , whereas books can present obsolete and inadequate information .
Indeed , doctors have proved that about a half of the information in books becomes outdated in 5 - 10 years .
In contrast , they find that some data on the television and on the radio are deliberately distorted .
Nowadays , there is the opinion that the media is the fourth state which can influence our awareness .
It is very hard to disagree with it , when information has become a mean of warfare , but not the method of enlightenment .
Then , books come to the front as a means of history and cognition : all humankind 's experience , which is represented at all times in human existence .
in conclusion , I guess that we should not choose the single way of communicating information , as all types of media have pros and cons .
Choosing the appropriate option for receiving the certain data is a skill we need to learn .
Everyyear , there 's a winter festival in my country .
There were more activities last year than last year .
It was a great time to spend with my friends .
There have been a lot of activities , such as snowboarding , competitions , and concerts .
It was a lovely activities for the kids , called " Do you wanna build a snowman ? " , where they spent an incredible time building snowmen .
I participated in a dance competition .
The judges said that I had an amazing dance and it would have been a very emotional moment for me .
I ca n't wait until the festival next year .
College football is my favorite game , because it is quite a challenging and interesting game . I began to play football when I was 6 years old .
Since then , it has become my passion .
It is also called " king of sport " and it is the most famous sport in the entire world .
Hi ,
I 'm Ottavia , and I 'm 23 years old .
I was born in Gubio , a small city in the center of Italy , but now I live in Turin , because I 'm living here .
i saw this advertisement and I thought that is the right job for me .
I 'm energetic . I 'm always smiling and I like so much meeting new people .
I love travelling , because I think that is the best way to know new cultures and to open your mind .
I 'm very creative person , I love organising activities , games and events .
When I was 15 , in my city in Italy , I looked after children in a summer camp organised by church .
So I have yet to experience this kind of job .
Definitely , I have done a lot of work , to pay for my studies .
I working in a bar , in a pub , in a shop and , at Italian discos , also .
I played p.r . in Ibiza too .
I know very well the way sacrifices are made and the meaning of hard work .
So , I 'm ready a lot of work , have fun , meet people and live a beautiful and unforgettable experience !
I hope the result is positive .
Bye .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to you to apply for the job you advertised in The Summer Holiday Magazine as a volunteer in the USA summer camps .
I am 23 years old and I have just completed my studies in Teaching at the University of Seville .
In the summer , I would like to work at a prestigious centre , in Birmingham , ' ' The Good Shepherd School ' so , learning from a summer camp in the United States of America would be a great possibility for me .
As you could see from my attached Curriculum Vitae , I have worked as a nanny for two years , and I also have five little cousins that I have to look after on many occasions .
In addition , I worked in summer camps last summer , where I was in charge of planning and leading games and craft activities .
Being leader made me develop a strong sense of responsibility .
In addition , I was about to have an examination for the CAE ( Certificate of Advanced English ) for a few weeks .
I like learning English , and in fact , I have some English exchanges with people whom I talk with twice a week .
I believed a good teacher was someone who would entertain children , playing with them and teach them how to improve their skills .
I think I have all these skills and I am perfectly capable of doing this job .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Yours faithfully
Louisa Al<unk> ez
There are several reasons why you might cease eating beef in the UK .
for example , everyone might suddenly become a vegetarian or tastes might change in such a way that no one in the UK wants to eat beef .
However , these occurances are at best unlikely .
The only plausible reason for people in the UK to cease to have beef is CJD , the disease .
This disease is the humankind equivalent of ' MAD COW DISEACE ' or BSE .
In the recent years there has been a huge increase in the number of cases of BSE .
This seems to be mainly caused by the farming methods 20 years ago .
During the 1960 's and 1970 's , cows were given food which included sheeppools ( and their brains ) among its ingredients .
Many animals which ate this feed developed BSE and even more bypassed it on to their young .
There is a belief among people in the UK that eating English beef is dangerous , as they believe that BSE can be passed on to humans when they eat beef .
Nobody has scientific evidence at the present to suggest that this is the case .
However , cases of CJD and BSE have widely been documented in the media , and these have greatly influenced people .
Pictures on television of cows with BSE , who are unable to walk properly , and humans with CJD highlights how horrific and debilitating a condition CJD is .
If media coverage of CJD and BSE continue in the same manner , it will not be inconceiviable that people in the UK might be so scared as to cause them to eat beef entirely .
If people in the UK were to cede to eat beef , the effect on the agricultural industry would be dire .
Grow farmers would fall in numbers by a huge amount .
This is because with the beef market destroyed , the only market open to farmers would be the dairy produce market which is not large enough to protect many sellers .
The CJC and BSE scares could even spread to dairy products and , if this had happened , cow farmers would have ceased to exist in total .
But , when people cease to eat beef , what do they eat instead ?
The answer is pork , lamb , and the other meats .
The increase in demand for all the other meats is likely proportionate to the fall in demand for beef .
This would mean that producers of other meats would benefit from people ceases to eat beef .
If cattle farmers could no longer remain in the beef market , they could switch from cattle farming to pig and sheep farming and stay in the agricultural industry .
The overall impact on the size of the agritual industry is virtually nil .
That is because the fall in the size of the beef markets would correspond with a rise in the size of the other agricultural producing markets .
This would mean that the structure of the agricultural industry had altered significantly with the proportion taken up by the meat other than the growing beef market .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am wringing with reference to your advertisement , which I saw in a magazine two weeks ago .
I will be very interested in this validation .
In addition , I am a president of Young Pioneers ' club at a primary age , so I usually organize students to have a picnic , go camping , play sports and do outdoor activities , too .
In order to ensure their safety , my school sometimes asks me to attend some first - aid courses , which gives me confidence to deal with emergency situations .
In particular , I am free from June until September .
I am native speaker of Vietnam and I was awarded a B grade in First Certificate of English last year .
I believe myself to be energetic , humongous , enthusiastic and sociable .
I do my best to achieve this job 's success and I hope you will consider my application favourably . I have enclosed my CV for your attention and I also would be happy to attend an interview any time convenient for you .
Yours faithfully ,
.......... .........
Dear David ,
I 'm paloma ! Your new pen pal is a friend ! I come from an island called Cozumel . I like playing sports and hanging out with my friends .
What did you do on your vacation ?
I have been to Cancén . I visited museums and been to Xpu - ha , a really beautiful beach , we stayed in an apartment near it .
There , I saw lots of tourists crying , because they ate chili . I laughed a lot , and also my friends , do not underestimate the energy of chili .
Do you have brothers and sisters ? O have two little ones , one about 11 years old and the other 7 ?
I have seven pets ; 1 parrot , 2 dogs , 2 hámsters and 2 turtles . I think it 's a little more than normal .
Looking forward to receiving your letter !
A hug ,
Paloma
It is a flat in the centre of the Magenta , near the church .
In me , there are two bedrooms ; a kitchen , a studio , the bathroom and a living room where can I play videogames and I can see TV .
I have a library of 12 shelves in my bedroom . There are a lot of books , and I have a big white desk where I study and do my homework .
There are a lot of posters on the walls concerning cars , bikes , football , sights , animals and buildings ,
The stadium is n't big but it is very comfortable and there are the pc .
In the kitchen there are the fridge , the freezer , the oven and it is connected by a little terrace where there is a little garden .
Here , there are two sofa , a table with seats , and a beautiful television in the living room .
I think our house is fantastic , it is in a nice area , and I never buy a motor home to live in .
My house is in a condominium and there are 3 buildings and , in this complex , there are 18 families .
The International Bookshop 52 , Dowerth Avenue
London London
11May 14th
Dear Mrs Benson ,
I 'm writing to apply for a job in your international bookshop . This article was advertised in the " London " newspaper last week .
I am 35 years old , and from Spain , although I am studying literature in London .
At the moment , I am looking for a job to spend the summer working for .
I like reading books in other languages , because I speak Spanish , English and French fluently .
I have experience in this field , because I worked at another bookshop and had a temporary job last summer .
I would welcome the opportunity to spend the summer working in your international bookstore .
I bought my CV .
If you require any further information , please contact me ( ge78Jw0pLQ@hotmail.com ) .
Thank you of considering my appeal .
and I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Felia Matesanz
Interestingly , this topic is one that is very important to me .
It often dwell on the characteristics of mankind that lead us to continually invent new things .
We seem to be somehow obsessed about technology , and using It to dominate nature , as well as our fellow man .
Technology and inventions seem to stem from our natural fear of death , and our human insecurities .
We attempt to dominate nature so that we may survive without fear of death , and we attempt to dominate other people so that we may live without our petty insecurities .
For these reasons , I would argue that the only inventions in the twentieth century that have significantly changed people 's livelihood for the better are those that have occurred in the medical field .
Although these inventions do stem from a worry about death , they do not attempt to overlook nature or other human beings as the majority of other inventions do .
They save lives .
As I closely analyze the nature of modern inventions , one note a consistent trend leading away from a lifestyle that has peacefully coexisting with nature .
We are ourselves a part of nature , yet we attempt to live outside of it .
We continue to destroy planet , animals , and the earth itself and our new inventions help us to do it in more efficient ways .
Therefore , technologies in the Middle century have , for the most part , had a negative effect on our lives , because by destroying nature , we 're destroyer ourselves .
In addition , our inventions are used to dominate one another .
We invented better weapons and better financial systems geared towards killing and depriving other countries .
Medical inventions , on the other hand , are designed to help people of all colors , and could not be usurped as a natural environment or by other people .
Those are one of the only truly " kinder " expressions of mankind 's creativity .
In the modern society , and especially in developed countries , traffic and all the problems related to it affect the society and the economic health of the whole population .
Many governments argue , that these problems could be solved through increasing the cost of petrol .
To my mind , this may not be the right way to solve them but other measures need to be carried out .
In many overcrowded cities , Like New York and Tokyo , the first cause of air damage is the chaotic and uncontrolled flow of vehicles who use fossil fuels to operate .
This trend would certainly arise in the future , due to the great number of people moving from the countryside to the cities .
These phenomenon happen , especially in the developing countries , such as China .
However , an increase in fuel 's price is not effective for reducing traffic flow .
Indeed , throughout the last fifty years , this price has shown a dramatic boost , but air pollution continues to boost .
He can see in some virtuous towns , for instance Oslo in Norway that encouraging people to ride bicycles is an excellent way to reduce traffic and its consequences .
The Same encouragement can be carried out by a decrease in taxes and other money benefits for those who ride their bicykes instead of driving their own cars .
One way to reduce traffic is the enhancement of the public transport system . That is , larger trains , more bus routes , etc .
In fact , many people prefer travelling by car because the trains are often overcrowded or due to the fact that they should wake up early in the morning to catch the bus .
Therefore , although increasing price of petrol could be effective in the short - term , this measure can not reduce the use of foam and , so , the problems related to traffic .
However , better solutions could be found by making people aware of the benefits because of the reduced use of the car .
Good morning ,
In the last week , I travelled by air with your airline . the trip was good , but I lost my luggage .
It is big , fluorescent pink with blue lines .
I went to the staff totell them about this situation , and they told me to send an email to the company .
So , I 'm writing to receive my luggage / help .
I hope that you will find it , because it contains very important things for me .
Write to me quickly !
Noemi
I 'm really pleased that you have taken into account .
I 'm Italian girl , I'm ninteen years old , and I live with my parents and my twins in the south of Italy .
When I was baby I used to go to the summer camps with my family , and now I 'm growing up in a camp .
I think that I could be a suitable person for this job , because , now , I look after my sons who are five years old , and I love making and playing with them . I 've grown up in the south and here in summer there are a lot of summer camps and usually I work for those so I have some experience .
I hope you have satisfied your requests , and am waiting for your answer .
People living in my town are not very environmental friendly .
They are not that mind - boggling .
Such as when it is time to take the rubbish out , the Townhall has set a committed time for this task .
In return , the citizens choose not to do it at this time but any other time , they feel like they do .
I think this is n't a very proper thing to do .
My teacher asked me in my free time what should I do .
I always enjoy playing video games and I usually do it at night .
I usually do it at night because in the afternoon I study , and I enjoy doing it .
In addition , I hang out regularly with my friends and we enjoy ourselves a lot .
I think I am a privileging teenager .
In the past , people used to use public transport , and now people also use public transport , but with a much smaller rate than in the past .
I believe that in the future very few people will wear it , and maybe none .
Starting with , everybody will prefer using cars to using public transport .
This is because when people use public transport , it ties them from standing up to waiting in a crowd for a long time .
Also , having our own car will help them to get easily to any place they want without having to stand and wait to find a public transport to drive them .
Furthermore , bikes and walking will replace public transport .
This is because people are now caring for themselves and for their health .
, They prefer using bikes rather than using cars or public transportation to safeguard their health and to protect the environment from pollution .
Moreover , in the future public transportation may be banned to avoid real damage to their toxic fumes .
Besides , it harms the environment and this can cause acidic rains and global warming .
To conclude , public transport is not useful anymore .
I believe that they will end up causing far more harm than its benefits .
Drinking had been a custom in the U.S. for many decades .
Ever since , in the wild West , civil war and the drafting of the Declaration of Independence .
About twenty - one people are considered to be minors when it comes to drinking alcoholic beverages in the United States .
At eight you are considered a man and therefore , you should be able to decide your own fate and make your own decision .
Eighteen percent is the legal age to consume alcohol in the United States .
You could be condemned by going to war in the States at the age of eighteen , but you can not drink a beer like all other adults over the age of 24 .
The kids are dying in our country during wars , but the government still wo n't allow them to drink .
What can you think of is a man fighting in combat when the government tells you to do what all of the other adults do as you are two young ?
I think if you could hold a gun and fight for your own country , you would feel the affects of drinking alcohol .
Kids are in too much trouble trying to hide their drinking from their parents .
Most kids eighteen to twenty are out of high school , and their parents do not care what they do .
A high school diploma should state that you are old enough to make mature decisions .
you might say that some kids that is eighteen and over do not have a diploma .
You can make a ruling that if you do not have a diploma and you are under twenty , you will not be able to drink .
Maybe a higher percentage of teenagers will graduate , wondering that if they had a diploma they would be able to do anything an adult can do .
There would be fewer crimes in the United States among teenage boys if eighteen year olds were allowed to drink .
The most crimes among teenagers are drinking and driving .
They will be left with the decision to drink and drive because they want to hide it from their parents .
It means that they can not eat and drink in their own household , so they have to do it somewhere their parents would not want to go .
Eaighteen years old would not be put in jail for driving alcohol , which is another high - percentage crime among teenagers .
Drinking should be prohibited to kids eighteen or older .
passed a law allowing them to drink , but it would just make the U.S. a better environment to live in .
If there is anything the military should do to convince the government to pass a law that would allow teenagers to drink .
If they past that law , I will feel more like an adult , and will accept more responsibility because I am one .
The invention of airplane , in My opinion , has drastically changed lives of many people .
Air transportation allows people to travel from place to place more quickly and effectively and overseas travel has been drastically affected .
Without the airplane , my trip from the U.S. to Spain would ' would've taking an extraordinary amount of time , maybe a week .
furniture has also affected areas other than solely ( vacation , travel , business , entertainment , intercontinental relations ( politics ) and has also felt the impact of the airplane .
As I 've already said , the area of travel has greatly improved because of the airplane .
Travelling times are significantly shorter ; for example , driving from Michigan to California takes between about 30 - 35 hours , but flying the same distances takes about 3hours .
This allows peoples to travel to a greater variety of places , and they can stay in their vacation time at their chosen destination , not try to get there .
The business world has definitely flourished , thanks to the airplane .
As a result from the greatly decreased travel times , countries could work together much easier than before possible .
Moreover , business relations within a country have increased .
In the world today , it is relatively easy for an an American businessperson to have business relations with .
I have seen the increase in international Business during the past few decades .
Enemies in a very large field have been growing since the invention of airplanes .
Right now , entertainers , whether they be musicans , actors , or athletes , can travel from place to place much more quickly .
for example Michael Jackson just gave a concert in Madrid . This was made much easier because of the plane .
Punistic athletic teams reduce the travel time , and are able to play more games in many different places , because it is so easy to travel .
A last area I 'm going to touch on is intercontinental relationships .
This area is positively and negatively affected .
The positive aspects are those , such as " Peace Talks " , between nations . This would not take place as often as the do , if it took the president 1 week to get to where they were going .
Also heads of state can more easily interact with each other ( from their perspective countries ) by the use of air transportation .
There are negative aspects to it too .
Fortunately , wars have caused airplanes to be used .
Japan bombarded Pearl Harbor , for example , and the U.S. dropped the atomic bombs on Japan .
The invention of the airplane had many positive effects . Unfortunately , it brought about some negative changes , also .
nowadays , the number of cars is increasing and the number of public modes of transport is decreasing .
There are many printers and challenges of using cars .
First of all , It is very useful .
There are more people who can drive anywhere and anytime .Secondly , it is more economical .
There is an opinion that in any job discipline talent should prevail over talent .
I do n't even want to question that statement .
First , only regular constant self development ( which need great discipline ) makes talent turn into perfect skill in different professions .
Nothing is without any talent , no discipline .
It 's common knowledge that even The most gifted and talented musicians or ballet dancers , for example , never succeed without orderly hard work .
Even ballet dancing is famous for their strict discipline .
Second , even if a person do not have any obvious innate abilities , he or she can develop perfect skills ( provided for by disciplines ) and is more impressive than a disorderly talent .
To add to this , the Last World Hockey championship showed how weak our Russian team ( filled with brilliant players ) was against less talented and more disciplined American team .
However , not all people share my thoughts .
People say if you are genuine talent , discipline is unimportant because you have talent already and it is good enough .
They also believe that talent is the only thing that matters in their artistic professions and if you are not gifted , none of your discipline will help you .
I am afraid I can not agree with these people , as I think discipline is more important than talent because only dowry is never enough , it needs the support and , day after day , development .
As for creating professions , Pierre Cardin says that discipline and patience are in the first place for him .
I guess , we can trust him .
To summary it , you can see the problem is twofold and it is a complicated pair , but I still feel that discipline is the leading personality in every occupation .
Well , my first impression is that : I completely disagree with this statement , because in my mind , public transport is much more convenient than a car and almost all tips on particular methods of travelling other than walking or bicycle .
The reason for this is simple .
Travelling reflects energy . Then , if you must spend more energy , you will be more economical and environmentally friendly if you can translate many people 's energy with the same .
As well , you could use better energy resources and with much greater profit from public transport than a personal car ( like electricity from solar or wind devices ) , and by then your level of greenhouse gases may be reduced by an important percent .
Like the other side , you have a lack of comfort or , worse , poorer availability of any displacement you need . But the advantages of public transport over private transport are of more importance than disadvantages .
There were many objection raised towards the introduction of the National Lottery when the idea was first proposed .
The main cause of the rise was the unemployment that would occur in the preschool company industry .
Because the Lottery sounds more appealing , due to larger winnings , greater public interest and the fact that it would be easier to fill in than a pool coupon , less people would do the pool 's coupon . This decrease in demand would mean that pool companies , such as Littlewoods and Vernon , could be forced to make their employees reimbursement for a decrease in profits .
There were also problems raised because of addictions and people younger than sixteen obtaining the numbers .
When National Lottery tickets were introduced and the scratched cards many people had become addicted to , most of the people were unemployed or poorly paid and the Lottery also represented a source of hope for future rich , for many that was not the case , and addicting meant large debts or resulting in violence and stealing to obtain extra money ; It was argued that this addiction is on a par with drug addiction and just as hard to kick .
It was also argued that many people below the age of sixteen would bought lottery cards encouraging the whole nation and its youth to become compulsive gambling players , when money could be spent on other products , like , for instance , on extra food for a family , or saving for a holiday or a car .
There are also objections raised to the amount of money the proposed jickpot was meant to be each week and the idea of roll - overs increasing this figure even more .
Many people argue that the general public will not be able to cope with becoming overt multi - millionaires overnight and the untold pressure on the front pages of a tabliid and begging letters will probably make many people crack , and that they would never lead a normal life again and lose many friends .
Finally , in the end , the lottery was expected to put less money into charity collection boxes as everyone would prefer to put their last pound on a lottery card than on a collection box .
But despite this , after a year of the National Lottery there are many cases put forward to retainer it .
the main case is the amount of money that goes towards research charities . This was not the case at the start , but it was introduced later , and grants were given out to save our country 's heritage and culture . For example , extensive work to repair an existing art gallery .
Also , many sporting projects received grants to build more recreational areas for the youth and public to express themselves and to get them off the street and decipher them .
Another possibility for retaining him is the fact that people are still prepared to buy a ticket . And if the demand for a ticket is there , there is no good reason why supply should not be also .
it gives people some hope and something to look forward to during the week .
It also increased the profits of the many news agents through the country , as they earn a small percentage of the money from each ticket sold .
There has been a literal explosion of inventions during the twentieth century , ranging from the garbage disposal to the A - bomb .
Some were created to make one 's life easier , others to make our lives longer , and all were created for the purpose of advancing a civilization .
While each of these inventions has affected our lives in one way or another , some stood out as the most significantly changing of our mode of living .
It seems one does stand out a little more from its competition , however ; thattelevision is .
Before the late 1940 's , entertainment , news , , and information virtually all came through newspapers and radio .
In addition , many households throughout the nation owned a system that seemed to work , and had access to a radio or newspaper where they could get information easily and completely during the day .
And in the case of radio , all was almost immediately correct .
Description of sporting events , voices playing out stories , people of the government speaking straight to people . The radio seemed the perfect solution to countries with their citizens living at all ends of their borders .
Last year the advent of television changed all of that . However , giving the public a " high priority " for what radio was n't able to give them .
Along with the news and information the radio brings to the homes of the people in the world , the television was able to add magnets and pictures that enhanced the whole absorbtion of what was being broadcast .
Where once the reporters ' voice described a scene , now people could see for themselves what was happening because , for the most part , it was happening in front of them ' eyes .
Besides the obvious higher level of enjoyment television watching may bring the viewer , the most important aspect of this creation is its ability to bring the world together .
A president of one country can be seen and heard in a country faraway giving his views and ideas , so that everyone can " understand " him .
The small town store owner can watch his son in their Olympic race as it 's going to happen , without spending thousands of time travelling to see him in person .
The examples could be endless .
The television strength has to be realized , however , as it does have the power to reach so many and persuade so many more .
The company is a multimillion dollar business that has developed into even more facets of media , which has become a significant part of our lives .
This is power we should be thankful to control . As long as we do just that , control it .
We can do televised work for us , in medicine , politics and education , and so much more , so it would be necessary to remember to keep the vision of television .
This is the place in Brazil where I have lived since I was born . We have a culture of practising soccer .
In my country , soccer is the preference with almost all people .
Today , my country is taking part in FIFA 's World Cup .
It was n't the second time Brazil had won a World Cup event .
Last time was in 1950 , when Brazil lost the finals to Uruguay in full Maracan<unk> .
Millions of people expect Brazil to win the World Cup .
Environmental Problems
What wo n't future be like in 30 year 's time ?
We believe that the planet is in very bad condition and that trees will be disappearing in 20 or 30 years because of deforestation , humans will have more wars because water will be disappearing .
After that , the police will have melted totally , because the temperature of the sun will be crazy and will be very hard , so some people will die of diseases , for example cancer .
The air pollution would be to the extreme because the cars would be flying by the streets and the technology would be totally changed .
Also , , in our 20s , we 'd have been eating more fast food , and we would have changed our anatomy .
So ... before all this becomes serious , we must begin to take care of our beautiful world .
for sure , travelling by car is more convenient but , otherwise , I do n't approve of the first statement saying there is no future for public transport , for too many reasons . First of all , the cost wise secondary to population needs more unification . In order to reduce environmental violence and to save our planet and also to enhance the chance of building a relationship between human in public transportation , we need to improve the transport that provides the services both bikes and train stations .
Dear TOEFL Staff . I am writing about your email concerning my TOEFL IBT contest .
I decided not to take the TOEFL IbT Test so that I could apply at Copenhagen University , and indicated that it was the U.K. 's only option , but it was not the first choice .
Will I take the test anyway or should I drop my reservation ?
I seek to hear from you soon .
Abortions is a controversial issue in today 's society .
Everybody has an opinion on the subject .
Many people believe it should be illegal .
Some others believe the government should not interfere and should maintain the right choice .
Hape povertyg personal choice , and illegal abortions are examples why people should insist their right to choose .
Abortion is the right of the people and it should remain so .
One in Four women experiences rape or attempted rape during their lifetime .
Imagine being forced to carry the child of a man who had assaulted you and then being forced to give born to this child .
Would anyone be able to love him or her ?
This traumatic event takes months or years to recover from .
Without the right to an abortion , many women would require more time to recover and more counseling that they already will be receiving .
The most unwanted pregnancies occur in the poverty - stricken parts of society .
Generally , children born into impoverished environment remain at that socioeconomical level their entire lives .
L . S . S . . Lower income families also tended to have five children on average while middle and upper income families tended to have only two children .
By offering abortions to the lower - income people you are helping to maintaining a balance between the number of- lower income families and middle and upper income families .
Women deserve the right to have an abortion . They won this right in the case of Rowe vs. Way .
It was a landmark win for pro - choice women from across America .
Without this case , women will probably not be able to make a choice today .
No one would be able to decide whether another person or not should be allowed to have an abortion .
These include religious people and the government itself , because if they remove this right - werther says they will not try to remove other rights eventually .
If abortions were to be outlawed again , would this end the practice ? '
Not many women would continue to seek abortions if they are in some unsanitary , underground " clinic " or on their own , with some primitive tool like a coat hanger or similar device .
Abortions would still be rampant , but now they would have much higher mortality rates and they would be more expensive .
Without abortion , Where would all the unwanted children go ?
The basic plan would be to put these people in adoption homes , and this would cost taxpayers huge sums of money to support .
The average cost to support a child is twenty - five thousand dollars in eighteenth years .
Infant mortality rates would sky racket also because there would be higher rates on ignorant and uncaring parents .
Education systems between Iraq and Australia
There is a big gap between Iraq and Australia in education or the study system , and this stems from learning styles , as the results show :
youtube In Iraq they still prefer the old learning styles . The school gives basic knowledge dependent on the curricula , and , at the same time , they foxed homework , but in Australia they care more about direct education through song - painting , story , and they do n't care about homework because do all their duty in school .
áI think parents in Iraq care about their children result more than in Australia , because the quality of the education in Iraq determines their destines , and the Iraqi people prefer the formal jobs rather than the free work .
Madam Bothe , an Australian , believe knowledge is gaining through education and not
Hello . My name is Lucio and I work in Mexico City .
Now the environment is causing concerns around the world , especially for my city , as is one of the biggest cities in the world , so four years ago I took the decision to do some thing to save natural resources .
The first lesson that I do every day is to put a bucket behind me to collect water that is wasted and then it is used to wash the yards .
The best thing that I have to do is to have energy - saving bulbs in all of my homes , and with this action the communication that my house needs in the case of my own car is minimal and the last thing that I do is to close the faucet while I brush my teeth .
I will do more in favour of the environment , but at the moment , I will stay comfortable with the action that I take each day .
Travelling by motorway today is not always easy as it is meant to be by many standards yet every morning and evening motorways across the United Kingdom are blocked solid with traffic to and from work .
Not , is this ' ecologically ' unsound , due to the harmful byproducts of the combustion engine , which has been stressed in the press recently , but it is also stress - free and expensive ?
Earth has a final supply of fossil fuels from which petroleum and diesel for our cars and trains run on , but ' We ' need to get to work , which could be anything up to 200 miles .
Not only are there problems with traveling from A to B , but the likely solution is that if B is any major city you will waste a lot of time looking for somewhere to park .
During pre - war Britain , rail was the only means of long distance travel within the UK , and so the rail service was more efficient , with more frequent train lines and many more stations ; but as the motor car became more popular , fewer people accessed the railroad , and the system declined . The smaller quantity of demand has led to less frequent service being increased to an increase in prices .
To my opinion , the only way to move forward is the increased use of public transport systems because of sheer waste caused by a two - car car family .
For the majority of cars that you will see whilst travelling at a ' snail 's pace ' , long M6 outside Birmingham will be driven by a person with no passengers . In return , if these drivers offered to give a colleague from work to lift home the numbers on the road would be effectively halved .
City cities such as Manchester have tried hard to control the increasing numbers of cars , by introducing on - line car passes and providing multi - storey parking .
Other cities have even banned cars from entering the city during work hours , making pedestrian life enjoyable .
Commerces have been established in some cities allowing people to leave their car to do their shopping .
This , in my opinion , is the attitude that should be adapted not only by the town and city councils but by the government to reducing the number of cars on the road .
It was similar to her first day at school ,
She stood before the great building and started searching for a clue which could help heighten this feeling of uncertainty , desperation and terrible curiosity that had invaded her .
What was required of her ?
What was she supposed to do to reach an agreement and establish a settlement with those beings who looked so alike humans but were not the least similar to any other person we had ever known ?
They were not animals , they were not machines , they were not automats but they were ready to take her and give her back empty - - handed , with neither the soul nor my mind .
She had been there to negotiate an end of the war .
She used to be alone , and there were millions .
They crept unnoticed .
A whole and soon to be lost civilization was fighting for survival and their future was in their hands .
They owed her everything . Therefore , they had admitted to receiving her , but should they listen to her words ?
She knew her husband would just say lies , lots of lies , millions of lies , just as there were millions of beings with a reason to fight backs : surveillance .
When she climbed down the ruined stairs , through the debris and filthiness , there were still some pieces of corpse remaining nearby and the smell was so disgusting she thought she would square off any time soon .
Her watches showed 13:13 hours , that was a good hour , as well as any other .
Their sun was shadowed by dark rose and dust .
In today 's society , it is unrealistic for one to expect to work for a single company or employee for the entire life .
This essay explains this statement from three perspectives : economy , sociological , and legal factors .
Workers do not gain the most financial benefits if they work for a single company for a very long time . Intending to attract more competent workers , companies tend to pay more to peoples who have moved in from another company .
In Japan , for example , many workers conduct job hunting after spending several years at a company in order to find a better job at another company .
Besides those whose prime motivation is not working , one needs to think of working for several company to get a better life .
Day One will be constantly deposed to degrading opinions from society if he / she stays at a single company for their entirety in life . Some societies think people who do not change companies are less competent .
Again in Canada , because there is a social norm that compesupermarket workers constantly change their jobs in order to get an better job , some people tend to see those who live in a single company as having no competence or being less ambitious .
Being very connected to how other people see us , people are less likely to work for a single company for a very long time , with such a social standard today .
Companies obtain more profit if they hire new employees within a short period .
Some councils have a company that hires an individual as regular worker , if they work over a specific number of years .
In Japan , for example , in the aim of securing jobs for the youth , companies are required to hiring part - time workers as regular , full - time workers after working in the country more than four years .
It has burdened some companies that are hiring only part - time workers due to personnel expenses . Many companies have , as a result , not had a renewed work contract more than four years .
Again , It is unrealistic for a worker to works for a single company for the rest of their lives .
Everything happened three years ago .
His father was very angry at him , because Michael was n't the person he 'd been .
Michael came back very late one night .
He went out with people who had a bad influence on him .
He drank every night and he got out of control .
Today , Michael 's father spoke with him and gave him one last opportunity to change .
First , Michael was out of control .
He started yelling at his father , and hitting the furniture , so he was unable to hear whatever his father was saying .
Michael decided not to leave because he did n't want to cause any more problems , but it was too late .
If his father had understood why Michael was acting this way , Michel 's father would have punished him severely .
So , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment that he had made a mistake .
Hi Isabel !
Where are you today ?
Who are doing this now ?
I 'm in Oxford , United Kingdom , with my best friend and we are visiting the city .
Now the new city is mine and I love it .
Oxford is a fantastic and old city in the UK .
There are many shops of every type .
My favorite part is Topshop , a clothes shop , and I like everybody .
Here we have muny interesting university .
The food is n't good , I miss Italian food .
A lovely Ale
Dear Phylip ,
I got your letter and response to you as soon as possible as I could .
You seem to be very upset due to these two interests .
I think that you should n't give up anything you love .
These may exhaust you so much and give you no time for taking a rest .
I had been through this during my high school life , so I can totally understand what you 're thinking .
I would rather give you some advice on taking advantage of your time .
it 's better to schedule your daily events and that can shorten your wasted time , like surfing the Net or watching TV . If you 're still tired off , try to take a rest .
It was fine for a time out but not because I had to give up .
I 'm pretty sure it will work if you are willing to have a try .
Cheer up ! I will always be at your side .
ZUMBA , a HEALTHY AND a FUNNY SPORT
If you wanna keep fit , you must dance zumba .
Actually , Zumba is one of the sports that you can find at any gym .
It is a sport in which the people move all their bodies , since they dance to different kinds of music .
Usually , a zumba session lasts around 60 minutes , during which your calorie burns 600 calories more or less .
You can do exercise and at the same time , you 're fine .
Moreover , playing zumba is an opportunity to meet other people and make new friends .
It is a sport that all people can play : children , women , men ... as well as a sport that attracts happy people , because they learn a lot of difficult dancing , see changes in their bodies , and , thus , look healthy and , their self - esteem improves .
If you go zumba five times a week and you follow a healthy diet , you will lose weight and will feel better .
Furthermore , I would like to suggest that , before each session , you must warm up the muscles to avoid any lesion or problem . You should begin with careers because there are very easy songs and you can do damage .
Also , you need a lot of water to drink .
On the other hand , if you feel tired , you can take some lessons .
rested during a song is better than trying to dance down all songs and ending up injured .
In addiction , after each session you may stretch the body very well , and thus next day you wo n't feel the horrible stiffs .
You have to practise zumba because it is really fun . You will be the king or queen of the discos .
My city has no good transportation .
We only have buses and the systems are n't good .
They are late and there are so many people .
Political should invest a lot of money in the system to better it .
If politics would use money more correctly , the situations will be much better .
But unfortunately , I can not say that my city is really nature - protective .
The city is quite clean , but all of the garbage is transported to scrapyards and stored there .
Some of it burnt down , but most of the garbage remains around forever .
Well , maybe not forever , but garbage remains in collectors ' houses for an indefinite time .
Several years ago in my city special garbage containers came .
These containers have several types of garbage , which are for different sections .
But when a containers are full , the dustcarts operator puts all garbage in the same trash can !
So naturally , people were not happy about seeing that , and less than a month later , all those containers were abandoned .
The next major problem with environmental protections is industrial waste .
There is a river in China which is heavily poisoned with industrial pollution .
today , all of the factories have filtering systems , and our river is still forbidden to swim in .
I 'd like to say that our city is changing .
These change is not running fast , but they are in progress .
But I hope that in a couple of years , I will be able to call that the city is really clean .
People have always seen themselves as social animals , with living together as the norm .
Family life is an outline for how we understand ourselves and our relationships , as well as the way we build our places to live .
In this essay I will discuss advantages and disadvantages of different generations of one family having lived together in the same house .
In my opinion , There are more advantages but the worst thing that can happen is generation gap . That is one reason why relationships between teenagers and parents or grandparents can be difficult sometimes .
On the other hand , there is little better than getting along well together , especially with people you can rely on and trust .
These are your family and you share your time and space with them , so if you feel involved , your life will be easier .
All you need are good communication skills and emphasity .
You can help each other if necessary , ask for a piece of advice and be able to join a reasonable discussion .
There are many ways to prevent problems ; ways to avoid upsetting others .
It is important to have an open mind .
When we act like that , we will find that not just survive but thrive .
Actually , family living should be nurtured and supported by all the family members , because unity is our strength .
GOOD DEED
There was a nice Saturday night in Madrid .
I was in the Placidio with my friends at 15 years old during my adolescence .
When we were leaving the shopping center , I came across a really weird bag . I was shocked at the situation .
Finding a bag with jewelery is not a mundane situation .
After I picked up the bag to see whether there was any document or something that helped me find the owner , my friends where turning a blind eye to me .
I quickly had the bag taken out and left the shopping centre surreptitiously while I was looking toward my friends .
Since I had n't been able to find them , I went directly home , as if nothing happened .
Then I reached my bedroom and I looked at the exotic boxes , I thought they carried jewelry , which actually carried banknotes .
I actually thought it was a dream , when I reacted I had been 2 minutes as quiet as a mouse .
Which should I do ?
Are I going to take the money and ask if nothing has occurred or do I try to bring the bag back ?
Finally , my regrets convinced me of doing a good indeed .
Researching for something that would help me with giving the money back I found the number of anyone we actually were going to see when I found them on the street .
It was my neighbour !
I gave it to him and , proud of myself , I went back home thinking about what would have happened if I , selfishly , had had kept the money .
The issue of a single Europe and whether this implies a loss of sovereignty to Britain has been one of considerable debate for some time .
Last November , one of the principen reasons underlying Mrs Thatcher 's resigency was her positive stance against increasing involvement in Europe .
Her views were not shared by many of her party colleagues who , on the other hand , were aware of a all - too - pressing need for Britain to playing an active role in a united European .
January 1993 is expected to witness the creation of the single European Market .
One of the aims of such a union is essentially economic .
All trade barriers will be broken down so as to encourage and promote free trade between the countries of Europe . In the belief that increased cooperation will lead to increased productivity .
And in order to facilitate trade between different nations many people are in favour of adopting a common currency named ECU .
This , in turn would also have to bring about the formation of a central European bank .
A single Europe , which will primarily be created as an economic union , will necessarily not have implications at a political level .
The European Parliament already exists , but many people envisage that , in a single world , it will play a more important role and its power will be extended , possibly surpassing those exercised by individual nations in Europe and the overriding decisions made by them .
For supporters of a single Europe , the question of whether it would entail a loss of British sovereignty is not a primary issue . They would argue first and foremost that Britain could not afford to go it alone and that it was in her interests to join forces with the rest of Europe .
critics of the European Union , on the other hand , are afraid that increased cooperation in both the economic and political spheres would give rise to a European superpower and would undermine the sovereignty of Britain in these fields .
Personally , I am in favour of a certain Europe . To the extent that I believe Britain can no longer afford to stand alone in its opposition to the other countries in Europe , all of which have long been in favour of such a union .
More importantly , closer cooperation will undoubtedly be favored and bring about increased productivity and prosperity .
However , I feel hesitant about the prospect of the common currency , at least until the time when such a move might become necessary , as this would certainly mean the loss of British sovereignty from a economic point of view .
Yet , I am even more agonised with the idea of hearing political transcripts from Brussels .
If the powers of the European Parliament were extended to the point that it had authority over national governments , our whole democratic political structure would be put in grave danger and Britain would assuredly loss its political soveignty .
Academic culture differs from one country to another , so it is the most important and challenging task for an international student to adjust to academic cultures of Australia to be able to learn effectively .
During my study , I have found a vast difference in academic culture between Nepal and Australia .
In the Nepal , memorising lessons and route learning is the basis of higher education .
In contrast , in Australia students are supposed to use online resources to research , referencing , study independently , and think critically .
At the beginning I felt really uncomfortable using online resources . It was hard to develop your own perspective and present a reasoned argument .
However , studying in Australian academic culture , is incredibly exciting and rewarding experience .
There are definite reasons for the differences in academic culture of Nepal or Australia .
In Nepal , university teachers rarely get training , orientation and research opportunities to update their knowledge , so , they stick with the traditional way of teaching .
( Taijlingen , E. & Simkhada , P ( 2010 ) .
Therefore , the students fail to access research literature despite their strong academic success .
However , in Australia , courses like EAP usually are designed to improve the student 's academic language proficiency and the relevant studies skills which will help them throughout their academic life .
( Buckley )
Thus , skill based learning is more useful in our academic life .
In conclusion , from my effective studies at my university , I will access available resources for my research , improve notebook taking skills , and interact with teachers and peers in the class , attend class lectures and work hard to be independent learner .
Amongst recent issues there has been big problems caused by the amount of heavy goods vehicles on British roads today .
The amount in traffic on the roads causes mass congestion on motorways such as the M25 in London , and the M61 in Manchester . This static movement on British motorway has caused an increase in gas emissions from car exhausts into the atmosphere , which would eventually cause global warming .
a few suggestions have been made to remedy this problem , but with no great effect on it .
A number of them are listed below .
Apart from better access to Britain , the main industrial centres buy buildings on large and suspensioned highways .
This is the case for a limited number of H.G.V.V. operators , who are only submitting a few lorries off their fleet to be used with British transport .
This is a kind of catastrophic converter that helps diesel engines to reduce some of their harmful emissions .
Another goal is for the government to introduce some type / type of tolling system to be used on motorways and main A roads .
A final approach to the problem of congestion on motorways is to make Heavy Goods transport compulsory on rail only .
Here were only a few suggestions on how to convert British roads , but these few are cause for debate .
The problems of these suggestions are that it will cost millions of to put any one of them into practice .
Take for example , a network of routes into all major industrial cities could cost billions because it costs £ 1.1million a mile on the motorway .
Even if there were only a limited number of H.G.V. opposition , it will drive a lot of people out of business and it would n't be in the government 's best interests .
A catastrophic converter for diesel engines is a good idea , but it would only reduce gas emissions and prevent congestion .
Everyone the suggestions that I have made has problems and that is why we still have problems on our roads today .
Dear Sirs and Madam ,
Mom 's name is Edda Preué, I am from Germany . And I finished my A - levels this year .
In order to get some new inspirations and some new ideas about what I will like to do for the future , I planned on doing a reading trip through the USA .
But I suddenly changed my plans when I read your advertisement to the job at the summer camps .
me am a very open - minded person .
I love travel and to explore different culture .
Furthermore , I do many sports such as swimming , running and dancing at Flamenco , including Zumba and Hip Hop .
I already worked with children in the past as I was working as a swimming teacher for children from 4 to 7 years old and also as I was making an Internship at a primary school in my city .
I love organising all kinds of activities , partys and meals .
I hope you shared my opinion of being the perfect employee for the job you were offered .
I look forward to meeting you personally .
Best regarded
edda Preuáte
Hi Madam / Sir ,
I have been pleased to see your report on monthly waste collection released recently , as I have long been interested in the data you have published .
It was also great to see that the percentage of land filled waste is lower compared with other regions and I was particularly pleased to see that the utilisation of waste to recover from heat and power had at least been started even if its proportion was still negligible in the overall treatment of waste .
It is my firm conviction that the proportion of recyclouds of recycled waste needs to grow during the coming years , along with shrinking the amount of land - filled waste quantities - to avoid the detrimental effect this latter has on the health of the local population .
Because of that , I would like to propose that you involve locally - based companies in decision making , since they are likely to have a stakein maintaining a clean local environment and eager to utilise recycled raw materials for all their manufacturing processes .
One imperative is to take my proposal into serious consideration , because the growing number of illnesses caused by toxtic waste in the soil increases a municipality 's social security expenditure , while ruining the lives of local families .
Yours faithfully ,
Carlo Paolle
Genetic monitoring has been going on for many centuries and has continued for selective breeding both of crops and of animals .
This technique has been of great benefit for the human race , enabling the production of more food , higher food and new and interesting varieties of food .
Of course , it is not just food that has benefited from selection - the development of different natural fibres such as wool and cotton has been aided by it .
It is not only in recent times that genetic manipulation has been seen to have bad as well as good sides .
This is because we are at the moment at the stage when scientists can alter an organization by changing its genes in some way .
I ca n't believe that the scientist who originally began research into the natures of genetics has any idea that it might one day be put to bad ( or good ) use - they simply wanted to find out what it is all about , and hence can not be blamed for any later events .
Today , much research is taking place on human genes to find out how they work , and if they can be altered to prevent disease .
The scientists whose work on this can not be blamed if someone else uses their technique for smaller philanthropic ends such as in biological warfare or to eradicate a ' gay ' or ' criminal ' gene which may be present in human embryos .
Where scientists can be blamed , however , is on genetically engineered tomatoes .
These are now available in the supermarket near you , with their genes altered to increase their redness , juiciness or resistance to disease .
Those tomatoes are probably perfectly safe , but if that , or some other genically programmed food , proves to cause a terrible disease , then that is the fault of the scientists who developed it , because they did not test them adequately to make sure they was safe .
Similarly , if genetically engineered vaccines or medicine prove to have harmful side - effects , that is because they were not adequately tested before being released onto the market , and the scientists were to blame .
As for whom it may concern ,
I am writing these letters because I think I am a suitable person for this job .
I love working with kids , and I have a lot of experience taking care of them , and also organizing different services .
I love working in the kitchen and I am an excellent cook .
Yours sincerely ,
natalia .
Everyone knows that famous people have a hard life .
It is constantly in the mind and in the centre of attention .
A fair number of people do not actually have a personal time .
Am I wrong ?
In my opinion , " No".I think , these people deserve freedom .
Celebrities have 2 lives .
The first part of my life is for society and press .
Our second life is private except cameras and journalists .
Do you think these people want to be silent and rest after a hard day ?
Sometimes journalists waiting for their " victims " at houses and restaurants .
That is not a very nice thing .
Often , they are asked dirty and unpleasant answers .
Famous people also want to spend time with family and family friends .
I think , to solve this problem , we need to check out the time and place that famous person will give an interview .
A police officer can arrest journalists if they have an interview in the wrong place .
So , I think this will facilitate the life of famous people .
For one thing , they were people , but not machines .
The National lottery was introduced to Britain in November 1994 .
Since it was first drawn , it has become increasingly popular , involving millions of people across the country each week .
The proposal of a lottery has brought about a lot of overreaction and complaints ;
There were , and are still , two main concerns the Anti - National Lottery Campaign had .
As for people who live in high society , ' flutter ' on the National lottery each week have no effect on their financial position .
The kinds of people who can afford to spend í10 - 200 a week .
My concern lies with the , and I use the term lightly : ' working class citizens ' .
These people work hard throughout their years and can not afford to spend large amounts of money on lottery tickets .
The problem is that these working men and women are un - employed and the women do spend money that they ca n't afford .
The second of the two problems is the encouragement of gambling .
Second , the National lottery , after all , is another gambling game .
The probability of winning . The jackpots is approximately 1 in 14 million and the probability of winning 10 pounds is 1 in 58 .
It is a gamble , but more importantly it is a gamble made available for people 16 years old .
A lot of the gambling problems tend to lie with the scratch cards associated with the lottery .
These can easily be purchased and the attraction winning on the spot .
The thought of getting rich instantly encourages gamblers young and old and under - age to purchase tickets .
The National Lottery however has its good points .
There is one major advantage to the lottery .
It has helped charities and societies around the country to achieve things which would otherwise have been impossible .
From shopping a young child with brain problems a very expensive pair of stimulative equipment to building a new village hall for a small community in the Shetlands islands , the lottery has helped the young and old , far and wide .
The lottery also has created jobs , encouraged spending , and has made many people have happy dreams about what it would be like to be rich .
The national loss has its good points and its bad points .
Deciding whether it should be introduced , or not , is very much a personal thing and depends on how immortalized you rate the points I got ephasised from this essay .
I believe its is a benefit for the country .
Dear STUDENT FILM CLUB ,
I thought I might help with choosing an awesome movie for the club .
I actually watch a thriller .
But I absolutely loved this one , because of its amazing actors , Leonardo Di Cabrio and Blake Lively .
She played a married couple in their early thirties who had just moved to a lake house .
And of course , in a few weeks , strange things started happening .
In the night , they sounded weird noises and moans coming from the lake .
And , in addition , a woman started to see shadows and movements in the water .
And it has only got worse .
I do n't want to have a huge spoiler and ruins everything , so I am only going to tell you that it will become pretty sick .
Somebody is going to death and there will be a lot of blood .
I would really recommend watching this thriller .
If you have any guts , you will love them just as much as you did .
Up until now , Lea .
Hey Jo ,
I am so gladly hearing from you .
It is a great pleasure to live in my city .
It 's a great idea , because it means we could spend some time together .
First . I would like to know how you 're going to travel .
from your city to mine , you can travel by plane , train or by bus ; no matter whether you choose , you have connections to the center of the city , although for me the fastest way is traveling by plane .
From an airport , there are different modes of transport , which include buses , trains or the underground and take you to the city in less than half an hour .
Travelling within the city are quite expensive , but if you get a day travel card you will save money .
Although to get a job is a lot harder than last year 's , many agencies have started looking for employees just for the summer .
You could try to get a job as a waitress in fast food restaurants , or as a retail assistant at shopping centers .
I hope these will help you .
Look at you
The author also uses a third person narrator , for which the third person pronouns things like " His " or " theira " .
The movie is seen through the eyes of Susan .
The narrator knows her feelings , thoughts , and is able to read what she sees , , but he does not have any of the thoughts or feelings of the other characters .
One point which shows this is a scene in which Susan talks to Annie and she is wandering what Anni might think about her plans to save the dog .
From all of these points , one can conclude that the narrator has a limited view .
Another point which is being analysed is the mode of the presentation .
From the short story we can usually find mostly scenic presentations .
The events are described in detail ; for example when every step of Susans , such , is decompressed .
There is only one exception , the mode of presentation is a panoramic one when the events of the holidays have been summed up in the second paragraph .
Moreover , the story is made up of parts of external action and parts of internal action , such as an Interior monologue where the reader gets to know all of Susan 's thoughts in detail .
" Save Billy " is a short story which is written in an informal register which can be recognized by using informal words such as kids and short forms , like did n't and is n't .
The aim of this study is to verify research trends at the Revista Educaáo Especially during the years 2010 - G13 and identify the most developed research themes in recent years ; they have also identified undeveloped or absent themes for the last four years .
Our selection of the journal was justified because it was a diary with a wide consolidated disclosure and which shows only articles about Special Education .
Today , this is bibliographic research of qualitative and quantitative disappointment .
These articles analyzed were accessed from the journal site , resulting in 134 articles .
The collected information was organized into framework outlining developmentally developed themes and pointing out the number of articles discussion on each subject , whether the article presented the participants or not , and who were the participants were .
The results showed that institutions that published more in the journal are Universidades Federales de Sío Carlos and universidade Federal de Santa Maria . The majority of research does n't show participants , followed by items with interventions made by professionals .
Most topics published are special education and school inclusion ; the less publicity is used to prevent and deter disability .
Noticing that some disability studies are poorly practiced or do n't show effective interventions , as in the global development disorder , there is great concern with autism work but little or almost nothing is presented in the other requirements which fall in that group .
another example is the issue of deafness . Another example of this is in relation to the articles dealing with to the issue of deafness . We can only verify one of the twelve issues associated with cochlear implantation .
The doorbell ranged .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise when you saw Maria Shaw , my favourite singer in front of me .
taste as beautiful as I had seen in her clips , but a bit worried . '
I needed help , I was lost completely and I needed to get to Valencia .
In addition , my car was broken . " she said and I replied : ' There 's no problem .
I'm going to take you to your concert . '
That was very exciting , because nobody had visited me in my cottage , but on that day my luck changed .
During my journey with Maria , I told her a lot of questions .
She was very friendly and made me a lot of jokes .
She invited me to the concert and it was wonderful . I had tried to buy tickets , but it was impossible because they were sold in less than hour .
The best moment of the night is when she has dedicated a song to me , and later , she invited me to supper with all her staff .
That 's what a marvellous woman that day I met .
I thinks many people use car travel easily because there are a lot of disadvantages . But when you are on a road in your own car there are
One way is through traffic : if you use a tube , you will probably not stay in the tail for minutes and will move faster above ground .
In my opinion , people almost do n't see the real potential of public transport .
Many of those who think that getting away in their own car is better .
A high number of cars is really damaging to the environment and the pollution increases every day .
I Hope that there will be a future for public transport which will be more effective than the car .
I think there are advantages and disadvantages of a car .
The advantage is that you could go everywhere you want in your car , and a big disadvantage is traffic .
Another disadvantage is finding a park for the car in the center of the cities .
Public transport also has advantages and disadvantages .
For example public transport has designed stops to go and sometimes it is a little late .
However , a big advantage , especially for the underground , is the total absence of traffic .
Old computers were much bigger and more complicated than recent ones .
They could n't access the internet because there was simply no such thing .
You had to command the device with typing instructions in specific ways that few people knew .
There were no mice and it was impossible to connect with anything wireless .
one could only play a small number of games on the old computers .
all of these features did not make computers very popular among ordinary people , but were used almost every day by scientists and mathematicians .
Nobody used to use them nowadays !
It is far less pragmatic and comfortable than our current devices .
In reality , there is no future for public public transport .
As far as public transport is concerned , there does not yet seem to be a way forward unless we can reduce the enormous amount of petrol needed to fuel it .
In my view the type of transport that we are accustomed to will gradually diminish .
And , on the other hand , the vehicle industry has managed to develop efficient electric cars , so long as they do not need petrol .
These are huge advances in the environment and also huge problems for the development of public transport .
It can be seen how each year there will be more and more new electric models by Toyota and other brand name .
Far from being just a benefit to the environment , this fact is also good for travellers who will be getting an important reduction in travelling costs with this new type of car , which is provoking a direct decrease in public transport use .
As for the public transport industry at this point , something seems clear : their future depends entirely on how they will be able to get a more efficient train , bus or plane .
But why ?
There are two reasons : prices and environmental protection .
- Yesterday I was with my grandma and my dog Willi on the beach .
Was Willis two - years old beautiful puddles which I got as a Christmas present .
Eddie likes hunting , so my grandpa threw her stick into the water .
Immediately Willi turned and ran for the stick .
He went back a minute later .
Then , a strange man came to us .
He was tall and slim and wearing a coat .
He keep a stick in his hand , and his one was bigger than my grandma 's .
- As he saw Willis he threw his stick into the water too and wanted Willi to bring it back .
He did n't want to catch a man 's stick , so he turned around and walked away .
Of course , we left with him .
- The man was shouting at us to turn back for a minute but then he stopped .
The stick was still lying on the water , so he had had no choice but to jump into the water for it .
Although the man is angry it was very fun for us .
Do you agree with or disagree ?
People have money , the more money they should give away for charity .
Nowadays , more and more people discuss whether it is a responsibility that a person who possesses more money should
Donate more money to charity .
Someone thinks that more money a rich man has is useless , so he should give
away from a portion of his fortune for charity .
By doing this , he could use them to maximum effect . I can not agree .
with this idea .
There are numerous reasons to support me .
Money can be used not only for donating to charity but also for having the perfect daily life .
If we want to live
longer , we have to keep happy every day .
For keeping a happiness mind , somebody shops every day .
When they
See , what they want to buy , they buy them without the slightest hesitation .
Hence , they will have happiness .
life everyday .
in addition to buying what you wanted , money could also be used to build a more wonderful world .
There were many
diseases that ca n't be cured .
So , rich men can spend their fortunes on building a group which is made by the
excellent biological scientist to research some new useful medicine to rescue dying people .
Secondly , giving away money for charity is not a privilege , only for rich people , so ordinary people also can
donated money to a philanthropic organization .
Some people think having a plain life is the best thing for them .
So , ordinary people contribute a portion of their combined fortune to charity and just live a typical life .
it is
They 're so kind that they have a great life every day .
Dear mRS aShBY ,
I am writing to apply for the position of COOK , as seen in your advertisement .
i am a 25-year - old girl AND I am a student .
I love cooking .
I am interested in many exotic cultures , for example , Chinese and Japanese food .
Did you put us on Facebook ?
More than 500 million users log on to the website every day , but many of them bemoan Facebook as time - sucking although they can spend this time more productively on work ; schoolwork or real face time without family and friends .
But when something keeps drawing us to Facebook , it can boost our independent self - esteem , satisfy our need for connectedness and self - promotion and help us maintain offline relationships .
Although we do n't use Facebook in the same way , there are the social , the lonely and the communitary . They go on Facebook to satisfy different needs .
The university psychologist Stefan Hofmann found that we use Facebook to satisfy two needs .
On the one hand , we need to belong to and on the other hand we need self - presentation .
Facebook terrifies both of those basic needs , says Hofmann .
Some people think that Facebook is the blessing of interpersonal networks .
But others people think Facebook makes us lonely and removed our contact with real friends .
Social psychology , Sheldon found out a lot about Facebook with both high levels of feeling connect to other people and with high levels of disconnection .
A newer study suggests that we gain some psychological benefit even when passively viewing our own profiles .
In a 2011 study of about 300 colleague researchers , Amy Gonzales and Jeffery Hancock found that students who were asked to look at their own Facebook page for just three minutes showed a boost in self - esteem compared to control groups who either looked at a mirror or simply sat in a room for just three minutes .
The researchers suspect that this is due to how we can self - select what other people can see in our profile .
Facebook allows people to access information that they might n't otherwise know , such as a news opportunity or news story they might have missed .
The more different kinds of person you have on your network , the better chance you have of getting useful information .
So researchers believe social networking is likely to continue growing .
The doorbell rang .
When I open the door , imagine my surprise .
I was shocked .
He looked like luke Guina .
I wondered how that could ever really be .
I looked at him and he looked back at me .
I was sure .
We sang in my favourite band .
I cried . " Oh my fucking god , you are Luke Guina , right ? I am probably your biggest fan .
How will it be that I meet you in our school ?
I have been at so many concerts , and I have never had the chance to speak to you " .
He laughed and answered , " Wow . I did n't think anyone knew me in this school .
OK , my band is not so famous right now but thank you for those compliments .
You can tell me really happy about them .
I went to school here starting from now <unk> we had a nice conversation and I finally found a good friend in Luke .
I love this band 's music , and maybe I will part with the group as a second singer .
I would Like to write about my family .
I am the mother of two grown - up children .
I am a part - - time employee working in a laboratory as a specimen receptionist .
I had been working there for almost nine years .
I came to the United Kingdom in 2004 with my husband and our children .
Her husband had come here as a student for studying for his PhD. At the beginning , I was the only person who earned money in the family .
Because of that , it was hard to provide daily requirements for our young children .
At that time , my daughter was a teenager .
Initially , she had to struggle to adjust to her self and completely new environment .
But , I am happy to say that , after ten years of harm , My husband managed to find a proper job . My daughter also became a sensible smart woman at the moment . She is studying for a degree in Developmental Physiology .
Dear Grace ,
You had a bad accident that has changed your life forever .
It 's normal that , now , you 're depression and you think it 's not worth living anymore but you must think about every beautiful thing that you can achieve anyway , even if you 're going to do them a different way .
You need to think positive and try to enjoy yourself ; do n't think about the past ; just live your life in the present ; do n't be discouraged , and do n't let that problem change your life .
Even if it is impossible to be optimistic , it depends only upon you , you should want it .
In order to determine whether crime pays or not , one should first define what is meant by the words " pays " .
But if a person gains $ 100 through a jewellery store theft , yet uses ten dollars worth of gas to take away , cuts his hand on a broken window and pays $ 50 in medical bills , and spends another $ 50 on a hideout in hotel rooms , then his crime may actually have left him ten dollars in a hole .
However , the question of crime paying requires a higher level of " pay " than simple dollars and cents accounting .
In terms of criminal work , payment must be weighed as gains are made from crimes versus all manners of losses that occur as a result .
One idea to consider as a loss is the type of capital loss illustrated above .
CriI , like any small business , requires an investment .
One investment is time .
If the time involved in the making and enacting of a crime did not pay off in a gain that can justify that expenditure , than the crime has not paid .
whether or not crime is committed in this instance depends on how long money a criminal made in a legitimate court .
If criminals can only expect to earn minimum wage in a legal job , then crimes can earn less to justify their time spent .
If a crimes suspect is well educated and can function in a single profession , then his crimes must earn more .
Other capital savings in crime could include the development of equipment such as get - away cars , dynamite , weaponry , and disguise .
Mafia and police pay - offs could be involved .
Dealing with stolen property or obedience could require the splitting of monies earned from other involved parties .
A crimes ' income must be enough to cover all these costs .
Another type of loss that has to be considered is the loss of mental or physical health and well being .
Many times violence is a part of crime .
The cost to take a gunshot or knife in the leg is more than just medical bills .
It could be that it will be an injury that will keep someone from always working again .
Very fewer criminals have employable compensation for workers .
The press that comes about from a constant risk of injury and incarceration , is a cost in and of itself , and could reduce a person 's life span and enjoyment .
Legal problems may become both a capital loss and a health - related loss .
Lawyers can be very expensive and if a criminal chooses to avoid the capital losses of a more expensive attorney , he could pay for his health loss by being imprisoned .
Even if someone is not imprisoned , long legal entanglents can be very stressful and unhealthy .
Will crimes pay ?
In some cases , it may , but the small - businessman 's crime is that he must deal with the same risks a legitimate businessman takes .
Larger corporations will always seek to drive him outside of business , and he may have to work longer hours for small gains .
However , he makes better the legitimate businessman , and on one count : no fees .
In my home town of Kalamazoo , the invention of the shopping mall has changed the lives of people in our town and in the town itself .
While many people enjoy and utilize shopping malls , I believe that they are more of a detriment than a blessing .
Kalamazoo , like most American cities , has begun to be surrounded by central means of transportation .
Cities at first were located nearby water , then near trains tracks and then began to locate them farther away due to the inventions of trucks and cars .
Downtown Kalamazoo was once a thriving and successful district .
Near the train station was the larger industries , with other essential specialized stores for everyday supplies .
Homes and neighborhoods were located outside the central city ; however , many shops had several floors of aparsures above them to accommodate families living in .
Everyone was near central cities , so everyone could use the central city .
the rich and poor alike have easy access to the offerings of the central cities .
In history , the trend for the rich to become richer and the poor have remained poor .
While others got richer , they began building specialty shops and strip malls outside the city limits .
And , more wealthy people moved from the inner city ( with help from the inventions of the automobile ) to suburbs that could keep a place in the busy inner city .
While the more wealthy began moving away from the inner city , the poor and lower - working class remained due to lack of transportation or money to move outwards .
Therefore , this process has left businesses in the inner cities , including Kalamazoo , without a stable clientel .
Why should we , say those with a car , go downtown , where the poorer people are and have to shop outside , going from expert store - to - store , when I can go to a nice indoor mall that has everything ?
Businesses that could move out of their downtown districts did , and still do , relocate into strip malls nearby the main malls or from the malls themselves .
I believe , it is only the storeowners who realize this process is occurring , or enjoy the downtown district remaining and staying at work .
A lot of the larger factories and offices still remain downtown .
And , the executives and business people rely on commuting to and from the city daily without taking advantages of what was once , a thriving neighbourhood .
And still could be !
one feature that does attract businesses is colleges .
Kalamaza has 1 large university , 1 private college and two " comunity-2 year old universities .
" Colleges .
The large and private universities , are within walking distance of downtown Kalamazoo . So many businesses are trying to cater to our tastes- clubs , cafés and other stores .
Another attempt by the party to reinstates success is the downtown festivals .
We have many , and always attract those from the suburbs .
This disintegration of the inner city is detrimental to the people it affects ; the poor and lower middle class .
These neighbours do n't get financial support , and money is not spent in the stores near them .
If they had more money to leave , a majority would .
Shopping mall , strip malls , and the flu from the inner cities by upper - class Americans will only pain those who ca n't escape in the end ; in fact , it already is hurting business and life in the downtown districts .
Hello .
Firstly I would like to intrude myself , so I 'm 32 years and I come from Poland .
The first time I checked this website , I think it is very difficult
For me , but today I will also try writing something to employ .
Website .
I chose this subject , but I do n't have any idea which I should write about .
so
maybe I will try to write you something about myself .
What should I do ? in my life and why 'm I here ?
Firstly and most importantly , what I want to say is that I have
I started learning English 2 years ago .
Privately , I 'm working as a firefighting director . It 's attractive but also very
dangerous profession .
For me , English is real important and I feel better when
I go somewhere and I can talk with people of a different
and country .
If I often travel , that 's why from time to time I can use Engish .
The
The other advantage to trying to learn this language is that I need it .
at work .
I remembered a situation 2 years ago in which some firefighters
I visited England on COmpany and they stayed in Poland 2 weeks .
We went with them to some kind of socializing event where we
could change your experience with them .
If I could n't cope with the team , I really felt bad .
In England ,
This is why I 'm here my friends from Poland sent me your address .
so thanks for your help
My best wishes to Patrick
advancements in technology have a major influence on transportation systems , and new roads are more convenient for travelling .
As individual transportation provides more convenient opportunities to people , the public transport system is losing its market .
The market of personal vehicles is becoming more cheaper and safer than before . A major hike is seen in their growth .
Now , people being more professional are quite keen to save some of their valuable time moving from scheduled Public transport to personal transport . luxury and speed become a status symbol for car owners and even it is a better way to ignore public interaction and annoyance .
Their new multitasking style better suits their preference for personal cars , keeping them and carrying all those things one needs .
After Maggee 's class won the prize in the basketball game , their teacher brought them to a countryside reserve to observe animals .
Maggie with his best friends was so excited that they continued taking pictures with animals .
Half way through the tour , we went to the hippo area .
Fortunately , the hippo mother gave a new date last month .
The hippoo baby was so cute that Maggie wanted to take the picture with it closer .
Whatever the reason , little Maggie knew that the mother was nearby and assumed that she would attack her baby .
The mother ran out from the river and chased Maggie .
As the teacher was on the scene , she called the staff of the reserve to save Maggie from the horrible hippo .
After a few minutes , several strong men came on the plane and shot it up with a tranquilizer dart .
It was a fortune that no one had been injured .
Nevertheless , Maggie faithfully regretted being a trouble maker .
She has vowed that she would stick away from wild animals , no matter how gentle they might look .
In the 20th century there have been several global discoveries that have significantly influenced people 's lives .
It seems that the most significant discovery or invention will depend on the individual .
Every individual has a different perspective on life and what they consider to be valuable and important .
I chose cultural awareness and understanding of prejudice and discrimination as my topics , because I highly value all humanity and I believe that all people should learn to live in peace .
The culture and racial equality are a new term that we are striving for as a society .
People haven't come to realize that racism is almost inherent in today 's society .
We are constantly surrounded by racist and discriminatory media and advertising .
Finally , in the past , this kind of discrimination which included more blacks African Americans than other ethnicities , including women , has been expanded as a way of life .
Few individuals have been courageous enough to challenge the deep breed sterotypes and the inequality , and to demand freedom and equality .
Numerous hidden talents , very wise personal voice and the great knowledge and learning that results from our human experience and suffering have been buried under the ignorance of our society .
However , today we are beginning to move in a new direction .
People should understand that prejudice and discrimination are not learnt consciously , but that they must be unlearned .
Together , as a society , and a much larger world we recognize the value in learning from difference .
Cultural differences are No longer ignored or concealed but rather they are being celebrated .
Organizations and forms are presently being held for discovering new ways of dealing with discrimination and racism .
An opportunity to learn about the vast world around us is opening up ; the possibility of studying cultural differences and reflecting on our knowledge is increasing .
Unlearing prejudice may not seem like a traditional discovery , but it is very significant to the development and a peaceful existance of all humanity .
In terms of human beings , we need each other and we need to be willing to accept those who are different .
The advantage of being famous is mainly that you can have more private lives than others , like entering places without making inquiries , or even not paying your bills in any cases .
Also , and my opinion is it has more bad things than good ones .
Someone can recognize you , and then they could bother you by asking for a autograph .
So you wo n't be able to move freely wherever you want , and then you have to hide for resting among the crowd .
That 's all in my view .
Have you heard of Alisa ? an Italian girl who is 27 years old . I would like to apply for this job as my dream is to live in the USA .
Also , this seems to be perfect for realising it .
I think it would be a suitable job to do your stuff . I already have had experiences with children . I like to work with them . They are so genuine and fictionalised . Basically , you do n't do n't work for them but are " with " them .
He adores children and they usually love me .
I 'm a cheerful , willing , educated person .
I speak Italian like my mother tongue and I have a good level of English and French .
I have played volleyball for 12 years and I used to attend a theatre course . I have had a degree in fine arts , so I should be able to organise more sports and creative activities quickly .
Furthermore , although I have a pastry degree and am not afraid to work in the kitchen , cooking and baking are are some of my favorite hobbies .
I look forward to seeing my candidature .
Best thoughts ,
Alisa
So , as long as man was alive , he invented things .
Imimportant early discoveries included the wheel and fire .
As a result of such discoveries , modern man has continued to find new ways to make his life easier .
So , naturally , when man invented the washing machine , millions or millions of lives were made simpler .
The washing machine , in those houses that own them , has almost became a necessity .
Shall there be a fire in the house ? Many people could be seen furiously running about in the streets clutching their machine tightly to their chests .
In today 's society , being without a washing machine , or any other electric gadget seems to be devastating .
What never would a college student do without a washing machine ?
Where would we find the time to hand - washing our clothes ?
The mest thought of washing clothes by hand results in panic in most teenagers , students , and adults alike .
That modern invention , the washing machine , has made many fear of hand clothes washing in the hearts .
Give your average adult a washing board and soap and tell him / she to do a load of laundry , and watch the panicked look on his / her face .
This is easy to see . Therefore , while washing machines , microwaves , toaster ovens , and millions of other gadgets facilitated our modern lives , they also aid us in our modern processes of rushing around .
These " wonders " made it easier to spend less time doing manual labor .
And is all that bad ?
.... Many houses would insist on its benefits , and I should agree .
But the washing machine is just another invention in a short line of inventions that make our lives easier , yet do n't allow us to exercise nor to use our muscle .
It is no small wonder that , in today 's " modern " society , as we continue to use our " modern gadgets " , we increasingly need diet programs and other such systems .
Yes , the past few days were hard , but were weighty watchers ever an issue ?
Nowadays , more and more parents are starting to teach their children at home instead of sending them to school .
This may not be a bad idea at all , but it also has some disadvantages that I would like to discuss .
Firstly , we should take into account the fact that parents usually do n't specialise in all fields of study : even if they have a degree in history , they do n't know how to help their children with mathematics problems .
Besides , staying at home rather than going to school reduces your opportunities for meeting new people and making friends .
This is n't a good thing for children because that way they do n't socialize , and when the moment of having an interview to get a job , they wo n't really know how to behave .
On the another hand , having a chance to learn at home helps some students who , due to their complicated situation -like an illness - can not go to school like any other child .
To sum it up , I think that children will study at school if they can afford it , because in the majority of cases , parents do n't have the same knowledge of what teachers say .
Boxing is one of the most popular sports of this era , but it is almost one of the most deadly .
During a fight , a boxer may receive several hundred punches to the head . Each time he gets punched he looses more and more brain cells .
Our brain is encased in a skull . Not only is the brain , but a liquid ' shock - absorber ' to protect them from the rain .
Even though there is the protective liquid , the brain is still bounced about against the profuse , damaging it more and more once every time .
Thus , a bodybuilder who has been in boxing for a number of years - ten , for example - and retires very likely has brain damage and could be very severe or hardly noticed but the damage is still there .
Getting away from the long - term effects of the short term effects , yes the brain cells are still being killed . But when a boxer receivedvery strong punch direct to the face not only would it damage his nose and eyes , teeth and general facial features , but it could also cause him to enter a coma , have a stroke or die .
An aspect that many people are quite opposed to is the definitely huge salaries that top - ranked boxers receive .
the question that people have is : is that person really worth several million pounds ?
Just for a fight against another top - ranking boxer that may only be a couple of rounds last .
Another adaptation of the product is the cost of having so many medical units and doctors at the fight when they can be anywhere else ; more importantly , where people do n't get paid to fight .
The major influence keeps boxing going is all the people around the world who enjoy watching the sport ; there is an invariably big demand for it .
Fixing is one of the most popular sports and it will be difficult to ban it .
Not only did it satisfy the viewers but a lot of companies also sponsor boxing which brings a lot of advertising and capital for them .
A study group means that a crowd of people gathered in and discuss some of the topics they choose .
So if you join a study group , you will understand each others ' idea and how they think about this problem .
Also , you should exchange your own ideas with others , so that there will be a discussion about it .
Though this discussion is great , I think we can realise our thoughts and others ' opinions more clearly .
Another benefit is that you can seize the opportunity to express yourself efficient and methodically ; that is , your speaking ability will be improved .
However , why should some people still study on their own ?
In my opinion , I needed to consider one question deeply by myself .
Sometimes , too much else thinking disturbs me !
Hopefully , I will be a person who only listens to others ' ideas and never thinks to myself if I depend on study groups seriously .
To belong to study groups is a good way to inspire motivation for learning , but do n't forget , sometimes you have to leave yourself alone and consider what you have learned calmly .
My favourite sport is football . The first time I saw it nine years ago I liked it so much .
It was a game Chelsea had against Bolton and Chelsea won 5 - 1 .
But I got a lot of new friends , because I had never liked it and had never watched it before .
I noticed that Rampard was leader of that team and he scored twice in that game .
These days , I have been supporting Chelsea for nine years and i can assume that it was alive from first sight .
My advice for people who play the game is to never give up on playing and supporting that club , which gave you chance to play and to be part of that team .
Respect young coaches even if they are very strict .
There are a lot of efforts in this thing if you want to reach your goals and goals .
You have to be ready and get through a lot of trauma and injuries and problems which you will encounter in the future .
If you put a lot of effort into everything now , and are strong enough to get through , you would be proud and achieve everything that you wanted to achieve .
Dear Thomas ,
Recently you ask me about a place you were about to visit .
I think this place is perfect for you !
In the heart of Katowice , there is an apartment with a specific aura of mystery .
This attic flat was used as a painting studio by the famous Silesian painter and performer Andrzej Urbanowicz , who died a year ago .
The space hides a fascinating story about the underground cultural environment in Silesia .
For quite a while ( especially in the 60 s ) , the studio was frequented by lots of bohemian artists , and they could follow occult and Buddhist practice , as well as paint psychedelic art .
The apartment , at some point , is close to Andy Warhol and the famous studio , which was rented back in the 60s in New York City .
Urbanowicz had made a fantastical place full of rather peculiar yet fascinating things and an atmosphere in the Far East - there were loads of figurines , paintings , old lamps , curtains and … dolls reminding those from horror films such as " Child 's Play " .
Sometimes , I take the opportunity to experience this magical aura for myself .
Just once , the apartment was transformed into a temporary cinema for those who went to see the film of Nina Menkes , " The Fanthom Love " , which fitted in with the surroundings just perfectly .
I must say I ca n't imagine a better place to felt and see the Silesical history of art , so I recommend it to you from the deep of my heart .
Yours faithfully ,
Pattycja .
To experience this , the only good thing is if you love what you do , because of this , I have been helping you to prepare your concert .
I can say that experience is demonstrated through practice and theory , you have to like what you do . I helped you with a lot of love because I admired the job .
I have had a lot of experience of my expeditions throughout many countries and we are a DJs club , and I felt so good when I saw so many people gather at my concert .
I try my best to make person feel good , have fun with my music ... What I can say is that I truly love what I do , and the reason why is I helped you with ease .
I wish you will go and tie and look very well , sending me an email back about your successful experience .
From my area , I gathered all these experiences and feel like a happy man .
Now that I 've left and I 'm a talented artist ,
With respect , I welcome friend and again I said it was a pleasure to help you !
It is said that boxing should be banned , and is described as a barbaric sport , which has been known to result in deaths and brain damage in fighters .
The constant pounded on the head during a match does n't necessarily take its toll immediately , but as a boxer 's career continues , the chances of him having any kind of serious brain damage are fairly high .
Is it right that we watch with excitement as some of our children are repeatedly battered on the head until they are not able to stand , should this not have an effect on our general attitude towards violence ? Children brought up ' worship ' idols , such as Frank Bruno , as he presumes someone into a hazy blur .
should boxing be banned .
My answer to all of these questions is no .
Maybe boxing is brubel , but to fight is part of human nature and I feel there is no point in trying to stop people fighting under control .
Who has the right to tell someone whether they are able to take a chance and face the risk of death ?
if boxing were banned , where should we draw the line , skiing ?
Mountaineering ?
Divide ?
Do you think that it is human rights to face the risk of death and , a matter of personal opinion whether you watch it or not , boxing is usually late at night . Children only watch it if their parents allow them to .
I think boxing should be encouraged ; in rundown inner cities , areas such as the Moss Side , the boxing is popular ; it gives young lads a focus on life ; it gives them a target .
Many of the best boxing players came from such areas , and in my opinion they are better at boxing than stolen cars , taking drug cartels and shooting each other .
Banning boxing is simply unnecessary , if it were banned then it would simply continue ' underground ' .
That would mean that boxing is becoming a much more dangerous sport as expert medical attention and proper match control would n't be ensured , and the use of pads might also be ignored .
The only satisfactory action to be taken would be to increase safety regulations , ie .
head guard and better gloves in all fights , or to shorten the amount of fights to cut off some of the constant pounding .
Grilled entertainment !
Sports have been through history , which is one of the many entertaining things to watch in America .
The international survey announced by Sports Watch caught my attention , and I would like to present my life on the plate .
At first most of us enjoy watching football .
Is someone who would never stop commenting on a new situation happening , unbelievable , in the match ?
Even if I am a girls , football is one of the major sports I watch on TV .
My eyes will spark when I wait for a score to end a match or when a red card is given unfairly .
The second one was going skiing .
He enjoys this sport , and feels a sense of admiration for those who do it .
For them , to be prepared for many obstacles and chase around the time and finish line , is amazing .
You need to focus , have a lot of energy and mostly strength .
Not everyone is able to cope with that , which has something to be recognized .
Are you thinking of influencing the way sports are developed ?
I think that tradition will remain even in the 21st century and sports differ from country to country .
All of a whole , it does seem like watching sports entertain people from all over the world .
When a bank note is written , firstly , the background colour , the artwork , and security features should be designed carefully .
Back then , skilled machine manipulates the preparation of metal plates .
What 's more , print is a very important step towards think about sheets , colors , special ink and so on .
The most important strip is inspection .
As a step , it will produce good quality sheets , bad sheets and partially damaged sheets .
Good pieces of partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched for packaging and distribution with good quality sheets .
However , the bad sheets and bad pieces will be destroyed for disposal .
" Famous people , such as politicians and film star , deserve to have a private life and not journalists following them all the time " .
I strongly agree with this statement .
All of us were humans .
Which means everyone desires privacy .
It does not bother us , even in public life .
Film stars should sometimes be awarded for their patience in confrontation with journalists .
The spicy news about politicians and other celebrities , like film stars , are most wanted in today 's life .
The reality is that politicians should take responsibility for their decision into account in the government and take into consideration words they say .
It also covers film stars , because it 's one of those things where they are the final word to the young nation .
In my opinion , it should be hard to find some borders that paparazzi are unable to cross .
They should n't hound celebrities during their vacations or when they have some family problems or just problems with themselves .
Today 's people are feeding him with gossip , regards to things .
We live the 21st century so people who decide to be public figures should be full of appearances in photographers and pushy paparazzi who want to poke their noses into their own minds by all means .
One of the many incredible 20th century discoveries , to my opinion , is the cellular telephone
Many people take them wherever they go , so they can take them to a call at any time .
It is a complete luxury and not a necessity .
The cell phone has changed people 's lives in many ways , the main reason being the availability of telephone service to be accessible anytime soon .
Complication is readily available in cars and on the streets , now .
People are able to use their car phones in case of an emergency and if they are stranded or broken down .
And they can take their cell phones on vacations and to their friends ' houses unless they are expecting an important call .
To me , it is a bit ridiculous . But lots of people feel like they need this easy access to a phone .
Another way the cellular phones have affected people 's lives is the accident rate of people talking on their car phone .
When people are concentrating more on their phone conversations and less on their drive , they are more likely to get into an accidents .
This happens most often when people are in heavy traffic , and are not concentrating on the car in front of them .
Therefore , cellular phones also have a negative aspect to them .
The cellular telephones are also very expensive .
They are expensive , to buy , to install , and to use .
whether you are making a call from your cellular phone or receiving a call . It costs a lot of money .
Although most people who can afford to buy a cellular phone can afford to pay the bills !
The other day , I called my father in his office from Madrid . At his " party lounge " , he was able to connect me to my sister in Santa Barbara and my mother in Los Angeles over her car phone .
I find it truly unbelievable that it is possible to speak with 4 people at once , especially when one person is at Spain and the other is in the car ! !
This is a truly great expansion in technology .
Each year , a new amazing product awakes me even more .
I start to wonder when we will have robots cleaning our house and driving us around ?
The scary thing is that it s just around the corner !
The most memorable trip was a trip to Hue with my family .
When I entered University , my parents decided to offer me a wonderful trip .
I felt so amazed because my family had interesting memories together .
I spent a week in an ancient city .
I had visited many sights in the Hue , such as the peace - keeping Perfume River , the Trang Tien Bridge , the Ten Mu pagoda , and the like .
Moreover , I understand clearly Vietnamese history through visiting beautiful tombs of Nguyen 's kings .
In particular , I have experienced making " Non La"- a beautiful symbol of the Vietnamese people .
Hence , I found out a lot of the traditional crafts in Vietnam .
Furthermore , he enjoyed a lot of dishes with an ethnic flavor .
In addition , I had dinner on imperial boats and enjoyed Nha nhac Chung Dong Hue .
It was recognised in 2005 by UNESCO as a Masterpiece of the OAL and Intangible Heritage of Humanity .
I 'm proud of Vietnamese cultures .
This was an excellent experience for me .
Through it , I 'd broaden my knowledge of its culture , religion , customs and the like .
Specially , it brought me beautiful emotions and memories with me and my family .
Dear Sir / Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with reference to your advertisement in the Jornal da Madeira on Wednesday 14th February , and I would appreciate it if you sent me an entry giving a more detailed description of your English course .
could you give me information about that schedule , the number of students in a group , tuition cost ?
Moreover , it is important to us if teachers are native speakers .
I am interested in the course , particularly in level B2 .
Do you have any vacancies with the group ?
Also , I would like to know whether you accept the results of my tests . Comparing my knowledge or not , I will have to undergo a test in your school .
I am looking foward to hearing from you soon .
Yours sincerely ,
Nadya Razorenova
His favourite sport is tennis .
During my freedom time , I like to see a play off on television around the world .
When I were a child , I began playing tennis , but I broke my arm and did not continue .
I like know the life of famous tennis players .
If I admire a tennis player , it is a top sportsman .
Its name was Roger Federer and it was the best tennis player in the world for a long time .
He had been born in Suize 36 years .
When he plays in the finals , he always stays calm and has a positive attitude .
He was the best player I have seen since he was young .
He played tennis for 26 years .
He was the kind of person who always played one on one .
He has built a fortune of at least 100 million dollars and he was the world 's highest paid singles player .
His family has a beautiful , has four children , two twins boys and two twins girls .
He helped organize the children .
His wife always follows him and I think that he is a great person and the best tennis player .
Network analyses on political and economic researches : organizations and institutions
1 Basic network concept ;
2 : Practical application .
The Foresight of the development :
3 . Software for interdisciplinary research .
Interdiciplinary networking theory can be applied to a number of research subjects due to their large empirical orientation .
Flexibility is achieved by graph theory 's algorithm adapted to a lot of issues .
As a first example , we have adapted the methodology and tools of network analysis from the concept of political networks , to optimize the interactions of various international actors .
In the second case , we examined the results of network analyses of a university 's partnership .
University identifies the key areas of its activity as its contribution to the development of the territory .
For the past several years , our Monarchy has gone from one scandal to the next ; from one disaster to another .
The British audience has been made to realize that the Royal Family runs just like any normal family ; only with a lot more money .
Many people is now questioning the value of even retaining the Monarchy .
Not so long back then , people thought that our royals were care free and lived ideal lives .
That way of thinking started to change after the disastrous marriage that sent Sarah Ferguson into the family .
No sooner had she married to Prince Andrew , when things started to go wrong .
A public scandal surrounded their relationship and their break - up represented the start of a downhill run against the monarchy .
Yet , again , only recently , , with the announcement that Prince Charles and his wife PrInce Dianna had been given permission by the Queen to divorce , We have been shown that no family is perfect .
Their separation , of course , followed Charles ' affair with Camilla Parker Bowles .
This way , people say that we should n't have a monarchy where they all cheat to one - another , and lots of people certainly think that Prince Charles has no right to become King .
Much of the population argues that we can not afford a monarchy , even though the Queen does now pay tax .
It was highlighted by the fire at Windsor Castle where the taxpayer had to foot the bill .
Personally , I feel that we retain the Monarchy .
These are our countries ' heritage and other countries envy us because of our Monarchy .
They help our country feel proud of its people . Who has never dreamed of being a royalty ?
About me
Madam Hi . I 'm Adl Reuterswérd and I 'm 13 years old , 14 in January .
I having two sisters ; Siri , 11 years old , and Lolia , 2 years old . She 's very annoying .
All of us were born here , in Danderyd , but we moved there when I was 4 , and we have lived here since then ,
Before that I thought we had lived in Sollentuna or something . I 'm not sure .
I love skiing , which I do 2 - 3 times a week , sometimes 4 .
But only in the winter , of course . I also dance on Mondays , and then I practice at home , and I play guitar .
Otherwise , I love painting and I watch a lot of TV shows , like Pretedly Little Liars , The Vampire Diaries , Glee and more .
Everyone there is an American , so I 'm kind of used to it , so that 's what I like to say .
My favorite is The vampire Diaries . It 's the most excited , but when the next episode comes out I think of October the third so I 'll have to wait till then .
I have visited Paris a couple of times , and I really like there .
My grandparents live there , but they are n't from France , they just moved there .
I do n't believe it 's a nice place .
He moved in there with my dad and their other daughter , my aunt , when Dad was about 14 or something .
I think my favorite book is all Harry Potter books . I read it a couple of years ago and after I 've read the first book we saw the first movie , and then the same thing with the second and so on .
I 'm thinking of reading the books and watching the movies again because I just barely remember anything .
But I remember wondering why they were so exciting and after reading the last book I thought I would never find a good book again .
What I did , but none is quite as good as Harry Potter .
I like to listen to a group called the Skyscraper . There are four boys from different places in Sweden , and I like Lucy Hale , an actress from Pretty Little Liars who has released her first album .
Her favorite song is the song called Road Between .
I also enjoy Ariana Granide and I 'm listening a lot on her new album .
First , transport is very important means in our daily life . We will talk about the grade of transport .
In the past , the only modes of transport were riding horses , and camels and donkeys . There are no mechanical means . However , riding animals was a more safe means than means these days as there is no vehicle exhaust which pollution our public atmosphere , and the dung of these animals was used as fertile materials for farmland .
Transport evolved gradually till the bikes and carts reached the Cars with engines .
Today , everyone uses engines , like vehicles like models , cars , trains , planes .
As well , this means we are very faster than we were at the end of last , but this also pollutes our atmosphere .
As vehicle exhaust harts our hearts , affects our breath , widen the Ozone Hole , causes a lot of noise and causes traffic jams .
But people do n't care about these dangers and they are concerned only with the luxuries of their comfort and energy . I think that there is no new meaning that will be invented .
People have satisfying with engines , like cars .
One of the most serious inventions of the 20th century has to do with the speed with which information is now communicated throughout the global economy .
In fact , all improvements in communication has had a profound effect upon the way in which people live their lives .
Because if I was to choose the most frequently used and influential invention in the field of television , it would have to be the television .
Through the television , the news and information can be graphically displayed at the very same time that it is happening .
This simple fact has changed in many ways how we live and in a way it has , and continues to shrink the planet we move on .
But there are , however , several downsides to television , and , like with all inventions , it can be used in a useless way .
Not even truly dealing with the amount of television that are watched by the average person , there are several other important ways that television changes people 's lives .
One interesting growth has been the use of televisions in wars .
The Vietnamese war was the first time that U.S. citizens were able to really show what it was like to be at war .
This was one of the factors that led to much of the protesting .
We also are able to see for ourselves what is happening around the globe , and this has lead to public concern and effort , for example , in Somalia .
Of course , radio was ready to transmit sound , but the coming of the picture had even more significance .
The greatest effect that television has had is that it has made smaller the dimensions of the planet .
Gone are the days of the unknown and unheard of areas .
Being able to carry television from any other part of the world into your really living room within a few seconds .
That is also a very influence - free and powerful device , because it is the easiest way to communicate with populations .
There is many who feel that it might be a harmful thing , and this is true .
It is used in ways that can also desensitize one 's sense of what is actively being portrayed because the picture itself is not real .
Either way , however , that is used , there is no doubt that there has been one of most significant inventions of the 20th Century .
truth is , we are all different .
I ca n't speak for others , but in my experience , I would say it is a good idea to take a year off after high school .
First of all , probably , most us do n't know what to do in our lives or just do what other people have told us to do , especially our parents .
Second , because it is healthy to travel , get to know new cultures and different traditions .
But you can do other stuff , like working , saving money for a college or for new businesses .
Also if you had worked before you had more experience than others , it gave you a plus .
As a result , you will be more independent and more conscious of life in general .
Michael close the door and knew , at that moment he had made a mistake .
He had to run as fast as he could .
Police alarms could be heard in all the streets .
So , he knew that the police were near .
Michael was throwing the knife he had on his hand in the bush in front of the house .
He ran more quickly than ever .
Suddenly , he heard some dog barking .
Then he started feeling really nervous .
He hides under a large car and waits there .
He was scared and worried about what had happened .
He did n't want to kill his ex girlfriend .
but Michael had no choice .
Anne had broken up with him for something stupid and irrelevant .
She deserves it .
After a few minors , he saw someone getting into the car where he was hiding .
If he escaped , the person would see him .
He could n't do something , so the car started and it was too late to get off .
Televisions are subtle magic boxes which enlight our lives .
On the screen , audiences can raise their awareness of events happening on the globe .
Perhaps they could find themselves with a spectrum of emotions which they might not experience in their daily life through watching different movies .
truly , Television symbolizes a dramatic advance in today 's entertainment .
Nevertheless it can also be billed as a way of studying .
Nowadays , when people mention education , our way of thinking is an idea in which we sit up in front of books with teachers or with computers .
The most books are an inch thickness .
And all the sides of each are filled with black - and - white images , followed by colless description aside .
Only in our mind can we imagine objects or ideas described in them .
Televisions, on the other hand , offer a much colorful learning experience on a big screen .
Items have been categorized according to their attributes .
Theories and factors try to consolidate with one another to explain one of the variances among world .
In television , however , objectives can be expressed in real life manners .
audiences are able through observation to understand the variety of the surroundings from time to time , as well as the correlation between matters .
They are given the whole picture and process of our environment , not a photo of it .
The lack of natural light in the workplace became a serious problem , as more people complain about their bad relationships with others at work and the poor performance they have . Therefore using inadequate light is the main reason for it .
First of all , not using normal light in the workplace can lead to problems with the health of the employees and this is because neon lights can affect the eyes and can also lead to headaches if it is used for a long period of time .
However , as a result of suffering from headaches , the workers have more chances of getting nervous and anxious and their performance at work might decrease .
Secondly , as a consequence of being in a bad mood , there is the possibility of having a lack of co - operation and being not able to concentrate and focus on what has to be done , which also affects productivity and well - developed workplace .
As a conclusion , there are many reasons which sustain the need of employees having access to natural light while doing their jobs , because the lack of it can have negative effects on people and productivity , so it should be taken into consideration and a solution should be found to answer the issue .
Hello Jo ,
I 'd be glad to hearing from you .
I 'm really happy that you are coming here in the next summer , so we should be able to pick up .
You can visit Venice , the city on the water .
You can find easily backpackers hostels , which are cheap and confortable .
You must walk or visit by ferry to and from the city because cars and buses are prohibited .
After a week ended here , you should take the train and reach Florence . It 's a beautiful city rich with magneficent buildings .
If you love art , you will have to visit and spend one day in an art gallery full of amazing pictures .
When you like the sea , you should spend almost three month travelling in southern Italy . That is really breathtaking .
You can travel by car or by train .
About work is not so easy , but if you have preview experience as a waiter or housekeeper you will be able to find job in a resort or hotel in the summer .
You should send e - mails using a CV as soon as you can , to all the tourist employment offices that you can find on the ministry 's website .
If u have other questions or need more information . Do n't hesitate to contact me .
I hope we will hear from you soon .
Love
Silvia
Face is an asset to every celebrity .
Broadly speaking , being famous is becoming well - known and a lot of effort is being used to achieve that popularity to be recognised instantly on a TV screen .
It would seem that the image of a person even lives a separate life from that of a person who has created it , but that is not true .
There 're several reasons why the image overlaps its creator .
One is that , usually , one and the same actor is representing the same character in succession of films , and that actor blends in with his or her character .
In addition , sometimes the opposite situation occurs , when an actor becomes memorable as a particularly successful actress in a film or play and becomes associated with that same role .
In short , actors have become associated with them and it is not easy for them to change their well - known image , even in everyday life .
With regard to the other socially - oriented celebrities other issues arise .
For politicians , keeping a high profile is essential because they are known in conjunction with their actions .
As for juniors , it is essential to appear in their programmes to become recognizable .
Overall , these celebrities use their vision of a brand as a cover for what they do .
TO sum up , the attention to a celebrity is one good sign for him or her and it means that this person really is famous .
Despite their will , they could be pestered by journalists and their lives would also be in the limelight , because this is what people want to know - that is how a celebrity works .
81 Buenavida Road
Spain
25th June
SUM MER CAMPS
44th Victoria Avenue
USA - USA
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to enquire about you summer camps in the USA .
I would be grateful if you could send me further information about them .
Also , I have few equal opportunities .
Really , do you take school leave ? I have recently finished school and I would like to be an assistant teacher on an educational program in a developing country .
Also , I am a babysitter .
My formation was finished last year .
I love children for this reason .
I 'm very patient and chatty with them .
For this reason , I would like that you let me buy this job .
In addition , I play a few sports , I am a real atlhetic girl .
I wonder if you should tell me when this job started and finishes .
In addition , another motivation for choosing me to go is that I have worked in a restaurant for two years .
As for this , I hope you count me as working in this job .
I wish they could take me .
Finally , please find included my latest CV .
I look fostered to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Year Durén
Today most people think that after - school sports clubs are necessary .
However connected are with it the advantages and disadvantages .
I present this in my essay .
I asked my young friends for their opinions on after - school sports , and some told me that it is good and some said no .
Finally , I must say that when young people are taking sports , they are certainly healthier and more athletic and , of course , fit , so , if they want to be fit , they should take up sports .
The disadvantage of taking sports is , , for example , that if you have an injury you ca n't be active and your weight will be much higher .
Secondly , when you are excercising or playing , you have an adrenal hurry and you feel excited , so you are self- confident and this certainly affects your relations with other people .
unfortunately , you have a lack of time to study because you spend the time at the gym or on the pitch .
Another important factor is that you will be someone who ensures good team spirit ; but also , when you are in a team , you sometimes can argue with yourself .
First of all , I still think that after - school sports clubs is a good idea .
During my class most students said that sports are great .
Healthy and young people
young people are less healthy now than 20 years ago according studies appearing recently in newspapers .
one reason for this is young people prefer to play video games to play outdoors because it 's the more popular sport , or for example , because they are n't used to playing football with their parents on the streets .
Besides , young people eat so much junk food and they 're not willing to do sports which require more effort .
If I were a politician , I would encourage people to do exercise outside of work , and I 'd build a sports centre that you would n't have to pay .
To me , junk food is expensive , so people would n't buy so much .
If you started exercising too soon , you feel better and you ca n't stop .
Kaplan outside the area
Introduction
The purposes of this report are to discuss how Kaplan college should spend large amounts of money on improving its outside areas .
Building a garden
Every Kaplan student know that behind Kaplan 's building is a useless place where the College is located to build a nice and beautiful garden .
This place has no useful resources for everyone , so it would be awesome to invest in a garden which all of the students could use and relax on the free time .
Food and Drinkles
The College needs to invest more in some nice and healthy restaurants surrounding Kaplan , because many students complain about the foods and drinks that they have to buy at school or in outdoor areas .
I heard a student saying that the areas around Kaplan have just some junk food restaurants .
They should spend money on some nice , healthy , and cheap restaurants on outside of Kaplan .
Recommendation
I recommend spending lot of money on building a garden and some nice restaurants around Kaplan college .
This improvement would improve the quality and behaviour of students ' work .
These would have a beneficial impact on all students .
I think people 's lives will change , no matter what we do .
And there is nothing we can do about it .
But what We can do is decide whether that change will be for the best or not .
it sounds very easy and simple but it is not .
We do n't make changes , changes are the result of the decisions that we make . Change are the consequences of our actions .
And one of the biggest changes that we can see nowadays is how blind we , human beings , are in everything that surrounds us .
We come through our daily life lost in our minds , thinking about expenses , personal issues , not taking notice of what connects us .
We do n't notice other persons , we do n't communicate with each other .
Lost in our minds , on our cellphones , into our earphones .
So , this is a consequence of the bad use that we gave and gave to technology . This fifty years ago will lead to another big change .
It ' s like a vicious chain .
Fifty years from now people wo n't know how to talk to each other .
We will lose our social skills .
INTRODUCTION
Our purpose of this report is to explain what the most important aspects of the environment are in my city .
BACKGROUND
Treviso is situated in the north of Italy and it was ruined during the II War .
CHANGES
After being rapidly reestablished and renovated , Treviso has become a modern city .
It is easily reached by train , rail or air ; it has been increasing the population thanks to the growth of industry and all these problems have determinate the solving of problems concerning the economy .
DEVELOPMENTS
People interviewed at the main public building , such as the Town hall , schools , etc . , have stated that they feel , on average , happy about how the diligence havenot dealt with problems with the new side of the town , in particular regarding the following subjects :
- Air , light and noise pollution : about 80% of citizens have declared that they feel very satisfied with these problems due to the statement that in the centre of cities , cars are not allowed to transit . Public lights are powered by solar panels and , moreover , the Major has signed an agreement with the Union builders that obligates them to install public parks in every area with 1000 thousand people .
- Recycling : all families are provided with three litter bins in which they have to recycle rubbish and school children have been concerned about the subject since primary school .
CONCLUSION
Treviso can offer a high standard of life and people are aware that the result of this aim is something they will achieve together .
An historic place in Sweden , we would say , is the royal castle .
It 's in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
It 's big , beautiful and has a lot of history .
A royal castle was rebuilt in 1697th after a fire .
It was n't in use till 1754 and it was n't finished until 1770th .
Since then , not much has been rebuilt .
On the inside there have been some changes and modernist things to fit in the royal family . And some paintings on the facade on the outside .
Several museums have been added and the royal castle is now a very popular tourist attraction .
I am personally not there but it will be interesting to go there sometime .
A invention of the 20th century which I feel significantly changed people 's lives is the introduction of bananas or automatic teller machines .
I can not fully comprehend how hard it would be to do without this convenience with access to money during emergencies or cases where money is needed .
It is also convenient , which helps to save time , and is very important to working men and women in the late 1900s .
This machine also allows you to do your banking work when you wish rather than during assigned banking hours .
People may argue about whether ATM machines will take away employment in banks but we must also focus on the positive reasons .
ATM machines appear in all areas of The World .
Moreover , in the United States , for example , one can find machines in stores , movie theatres , parking lots , shopping malls and at banks .
In many situations , I have either left my wallet or not had enough money at the grocery store .
This is how I really appreciate my ATM card .
Another advantage of the card , however , is the danger of having a large quantity of cash in your house or wallet .
This ensures robbers and can create danger .
All the more so , I feel ATM cards are an excellent invention , convenience has proved itself in many circumstances and , I do not know what I would do without my card . -The development of computerized technology has enhanced the environment , providing convenience and time - saving activities which reduce the stress in our everyday lives .
The Amazon Lava Lizards are quite hard to see .
When you saw one , it probably had already seen you .
I discovered in the field that the big males are more conspicuous than the juveniles , the imature males and the females .
The adult males seemed to always be in the same place .
Moreover , I ca n't confirm whether we are the same males as in the same area .
The lesser individuals had a tendency to ran away quickly when they noticed someone coming .
Also , they commonly go back to their same place only after they flee .
Large numbers of lizards stand still for a while with few movements , usually to the head .
The big ones showed more communicative displays like the headbobs and push - ups .
The boardwalk was the only point where I saw more than one animal which I could interact with with .
In other places , when there are more than one animals , they are away from one another and does n't interact .
The animals which use the boardwalk was more exposed than animals from other points .
The animals which I observed on vegetation were usually sheltered either by a dense shrub or bush vegetation , or by a bromeliad leaf that hadspikes in the edge .
The distance it took to flee with these animals was larger than the boardwalk lizards .
" I feel like I should tell her the truth and beg her forgiveness , " Mark said to Michael .
Their friend Janny was going to be out of town for a several days and she asked Marc to take care of her cat whilst she was away .
He agreed to it , but he did n't really pay enough attention to the door of his house being properly closed , so the animal escaped . "
Jules are nowhere to be found " He sighed .
" I 'm just going to buy her a huge flower bouquet , and hope she does n't take it too hard " , he said .
Michael however , thought his friend was overreacting . "
" I 'll fix this for him because he 's too stupid to fix it for himself " , he thought .
He got into the first pet shop he found and bought a Siamese cat he thought looked identical to the one entrusted to Mark . "
Dear Jenny , sorry , I 'm having Jules delivered to us , but I 'm busy and ca n't drop him off myself .
I love Mark " , he wrote on the card while accompanying him to the cat cage .
And the next day , there was a loud thump on the door .
It was marked and he was furious . "
Has you really thought that Jenny would n't have noticed that her cat was n't her ?
" And how dare you use my name on that card ?
Now she does n't want to talk to me ever again !
And neither do I ever wants to talk to you again ! " , he shouted in advance as he made his way off the porch .
Michael closed the door , and knew at that moment he had done a mistake .
The film I want to recommend to our student club is about the captain of America and the winter soldier . It has a lot of adrenale and emotions .
This film was released on the 13th of March and it was an important success .
Using Global Positioned System , GPS , is popular in the modern world , although GPS does n't work that well in areas where GPS signal is interfered .
Consequently , , indoor navigation with a GP is not that good .
This paper aims to offer an alternative method to GPS to be used in indoor environments .
The methods developed in This paper use only the position of Wireless Access Points , or WAP : s , and signal strength , RSI , recorded by the user in order to calculate the position of a device .
, Since today 's computers and cellphones have all the required hardware , a future introduction of these methods would not only be easy but also cost effective .
One of the methods proposed in this paper usually gave the user a position that was about five meters wrong .
Therefore , this method can not be used when a specific estimate is needed .
However , a weight average of these three methods together with different similar methods could enhance accuracy .
At first , it is worth to think over what the phenomenon of shopping is .
Some people claim that doing shop delivers them with a lot of pleasure .
recently , I met an example of women who maintain that spending money will help her to calm down .
yes .
In my family , it has five people : my dad , mom , older sister and a younger brother .
All of them , who always talk , shout and support everything for me .
They are not the only family members but also best friends .
When I was child , my dad or mum usually took me to school using a motorbike , so I have beautiful memories about those times .
They bought from me all the nice things that are useful for studying , and made me interested in studying .
When I scored bad points , they did not blame me ; instead they always said : " We count on you " , thus I never felt scared or worried , whenever I did the wrong thing and that made me so confident .
If I often tell them my story before I go to sleep , whatever , like how I made friends with boys in class , how I got a dog on the road , etc .
But after growing up , I was no longer close to my parents . I had many activities outdoors with my siblings , like exercise and travel ...
In that time , we get to know all the problems and get more and understand each other .
Because of that , now I go overseas and I always think about my family , like my best friends ever .
Hi , Dear Hanna
last summer , I worked at the cinema . It was a very good experience for me , I enjoyed it so much . Because I had seen a lot of people from different countries and cultures and I worked there for about three month . The pay of it was satisfying . In the cinema , I had learned a lot of name films , which I did n't hear , before my colleagues . We were very kind and friendly and , after we finished the job , we were good friends and still spent time together going out for drink and sometimes for dinner .
I hope next year to do a similar job , because I love it , and wish to do what again
In future , public transport will no longer required as " owning your own vehicle " becomes very common .
The justifications for it are :
1 . The advance technology reduces the costs of manufacturing and keeping an automobile to a very affordable level ;
20 .
As a necessity , the governments will provide subsidies to residents who can not afford owning a car .
In the future , a person who is earning an annual income below a specific threshold will be provided a car at no charge at all ; and , in addition to that , all the related maintenance costs such as gasoline , park , insurance , and tuning will be reimburseed by the government .
4 . There is no need to get a driving licence to drive a car .
With the assistance of advanced global position system technology , we can simply voice inputs to the place we would like to go to , and the car will automatically take you there at ease .
When , the day of " no public transport " will come ?
We may not be able to say at this moment , but one thing is for sure - that technology keeps changing our lives and mode of living .
The airport of my city was not very far from my home but at the same time , it was not easy to get to the city .
The most convenient way is to have a private car which is possible to get off the highway and then directly into the centre of the city .
My home is close to the central rail station and the most important bus stops are in the metropolitan area .
In addition , there is a railway service from the airport to the secondary rail station .
Here you have to get off and then to take a bus , number 25 , on which it is possible to get to the centre of a city from where I can reach home by foot .
Another possible option is using a taxi service but , in this case , the cost of a trip is the best of all .
The second best choice to return home from the airport is to use the private car or to use the railway aircraft with very cheap service . I spent a bit of time and money more but the journey is nice and comfortable like the same trip using a private car .
I am a high and blonde girl who loves every spot , but my favorite is basketball .
I enjoy this sport because it is very dynamic . Tell me about a lot of things , such as us being polite and very responsible . Above all , it is a group game and I love working as a team member .
I would like to give advice to someone who wants to start practicing this sport that is always working for a team ; that is , not only think about yourself , but always think of the best for the team .
The bell rang .
Then I opened the door . Let me know what was my surprise . When I saw that my brother 's foot had been covered in blood .
I was really upset .
After that , he came in . I helped him .
I asked him to go to a hospital to take care of his foot , but he had n't listened .
He was afraid that he would find out about this if he went to the hospital .
I asked him how this had happened , and he told me that he dropped off his motorcycle .
that was when I realised what was going on .
He did not want our parents to know , because his godfather had just bought him the motorcycle and our mother was against this , but he did keep them on one condition , that he was really careful .
I said to him , " We should go to the hospital , " even if that meant that the parents were gon na take his motorcycle out .
He knew that he had no choice , so he agreed .
I called my mum and said to her , " Everything that has happened . "
She came over from our house and took my brother to the hospital .
I 'm really worried , but hopefully everything was alright .
The pie chart depicts a different proportion of fuel type that generate energy in Florida in 2007 compared with the forecast for 2017 .
Overall , it is clear that natural gas was the main energy generator during both years , while renovated gas and oil came at the top of the list .
For example , the energy generated from natural gas increased from 38.8% in 2007 to 54.4% in 2017 .
Next comes the energy production by coal , which accounts for 29.31 % of the energy market in 2007 , followed by a drop of 5.6 % in the forecast year of 2017 .
As for nuclear reactors , although it represents the third most powerful generator in Florida for both comparable years , the trend here is upwards reaching 15.9% of the estimated period .
In fact , there has been a significant drop in the energy production for both Oil and other sources in the last two years , from 6.7% to 1.1 % for the past and 11.1% to 3.4% for the latter .
As for renovation , the decrease in fuel generated over the period is less dramatic .
There are various reasons to explain how Venus shines so brightly according to the text .
In addition to these reasons , in the passage there is some information about Venus temperatures , and the listen passage can reflect on some information that was expressed in the text .
some questions are taken during the listen to expand the information about this planet .
How can Venus be so hot if it is recovered by thick white clouds ? It could be , could n't it ?
There is another cause of this high temblor : there is a planet closer to the sun , that is hotter than Venus . So , it is n't hot near your location anymore .
The most boring question is , How can it be hot in a place so that sulfiric acid can prevent the sun from interfering in ?
The listened passage could link the information to the text , estimulated some questions , and also give the answers to make the reader more curious about the topic .
There are many problems facing both road and rail transport in the UK .
The things most talked about issues concerning roads are probably congestion and safety .
Congestion is most apparant around major conurbations such as in London , Greater Manchester and Birmingham .
The simple way to solve this problem would be to both build more roads and to make the present ones larger .
However this , as seen in recent events like Newbury , has been met with strong opposition from environmental groups and local residents .
One way to reduce congestion , especially in the large cities , could be to persuade people not to use their vehicles at all .
Introducing schemes such as the ' park - and - ride ' scheme and encouraging people to use bicycles would definitely reduce the number of cars on the roads .
Safety is often discussed as a prioritization factor concerning road safety .
Too many accidents occur because of dangerous driving on busy roads .
There are several forms to combat this problem :
Although , the legal limit for drinking while driving has just been increased , lowering the limit by several units would deprive many people from using their own vehicles and , in contrast , encourage them to use public transport .
Increasing the cost of law enforcement could also be effective , giving police more rights to make arrests and increasing the number of speed cameras as well as possibly giving larger fines .
Cutting a national speed limit may also encourage drivers to take more care .
Traffic condition is often a local issue in addition to the national concern .
So , it is therefore up to the local council to keep their roads better , especially in the winter .
It may require the local council to obtain more money from the government .
Saying safety is much less of a factor than rail transport .
Here the major talking point is efficiency .
He often noted that the trains are delayed and rarely run on time .
cause of this inefficiency , many of rail 's customers are turning to other kinds of transport , most likely cars , but for long - distance journeys , flying is an increasing and attractive option .
A big amount of blame for this inefficiency goes to the actual trains , which are , in most cases , out of date and slower than more modern ones , such as the French TGV or Japan 's ' bullet ' trains .
The train tracks are also to blame , as they are often in a state of repair and this inevitably delays trains .
It is hoped that the recent privatisation of British Rail will raise trains ' efficiency and increase overal efficiency of travelling by train as a bid to attract many more customers .
The author in reading thought technology brings us more comfortable lives .
The author took an example ; one example is that we did n't have to eat raw meat nowadays because someone discovered how to put out a fire ; the second is we do n't have to live in a cave anymore .
However , the professor disagreed with the author .
She thought technology did not all make us better , opposite it makes us worse .
She said technology brings about weak relationships with family and friends .
And now it even lets our situation get worse because it brings a lot of pollution .
Finally , the professor suggested that we should reduce the use of technology .
If you reduce use of it , you will have a good relationship and the world 's best environment .
Apparently , the author did not notice how bad the influence is from technology .
I will put this essay forward and briefly try and break down the controversy which has caused problems related to zoos .
As a controversial topic , there are arguments for and against it .
Depending on the point of view that each person might take , they will give you the argument .
It is very likely that animals in zoos suffer not being in its natural habitat , being stared almost all the time , not having the space they needed to live comfortably , and the natural peace that they need .
Furthermore , there is also but not only important to say that the fact that the animals live in groups and in contrast of that , within zoos their number is limited to a few .
Nevertheless , society and especially for children , is very useful when we have the possibility to visit a zoo and experience the visit there .
If it was not due to the zoos , it would be practically impossible for wild animals to be known to the majority of population .
Experience provides a wide range of possibilities , not only for children . Also , for the big ones , such as vets , scientists , and so on , do n't need anthropology too .
All in all , it would be difficult to find a fair solution , or almost to provide a solvency which would deal with both opposite sides of the topic in question .
Personally , I remember Safari parks would be a solution to these opposite sides . They would provide a better quality of life to animals and would be educated as well .
First , what is the European Union ?
Two distinct forms of which one seems to concern the British public most ; Political Union , followed by Economic and Monetary Union .
These issues have become so heated in Great British at the moment that they have led to many disputes within the present government .
These also appear to be one of the major reasons for the resignation of Mrs. Thatcher .
If we lose her , have we not already lost a lot of our sovereignty ?
Europe is forcing change upon us as we have tried to stand back , " not letting socialism in by the back door " . Instead , we play an important role in positively effecting the decision making process - - or in the European Community .
Britain can not afford to play a minor role in a two speed Europe especially in the time of recession at the moment , and this is manifesting itself in top governmental disputes .
Therefore , a loss of sovereignty seems inevitable , whether we like it or not .
On monetary and economic Union , I do n't feel that we have a lot to lose ; in fact , on the contrary I think that we would benefit enormously , especially in the light of 1992 .
If only the issues were put in a more positive light , perhaps with some changes , I am sure that the British public would give their agreement .
After all , how long since we lost our sovereignty over the follies of the International Stock Exchanges in New York , Tokyo and Frankfurt ?
Will losing our sovereignty to Brussels or the Bundesbank make much difference ?
Did not the " Big bang " in October 1987 send shock waves worldwide with share prices plummeting ?
Words ' processes are constantly becoming more and more interlinked , and the effects of which often have no physical borders .
And I therefore see this European unity as a natural process in world development , something which should be made easier rather than hindered .
Can we can really afford to play for time by dragging our feet ?
The issue of political unity is still disputed .
Yes , we hav a Queen and what will happen to her - will she be forced to abdicate and be succeed by King Jacques Delors ?
This is a very typical misinform and ignorant statement posed by certain British " patriots " .
However , there are five other monarchs in the European Community and their status , to a large extent , will not be greatly affected by any such Union .
But there is a true cause of concern about Brussels 'bureaucracy , which rightly worries the English public .
These conditions must be changed to rid the Council of its screcy and to transfer greater powers to the European Parliament as a more democratic system .
this will mean that everyone will have a fair say in what goes on . Something which must be made for such independent thinkers as The Britons themselves .
An reply to Britain 's reservation about European Unity which I find most plausible at present ; a February Union which would ensure decisions that are possible would be taken at the local level .
This , if properly carried out would enable us to keep our cultural identity - the ultimate element of our Sovereignty .
Deformities are a kind of normal disease for elderly people .
And it is difficult to be cured by humans , so that robotics is used to help them .
In this case , at this monument , research reported that :
Social commuter robots are designed to promote therapeutical interactions through
communication and social interaction .
Therapeutic use of robots attempts to
reach out to people affected by dementia and may provide an alternative mode of
from engagement with this number one .
( Murdoch et al , 2013 , p. 15 )
Therefore , these robots offer the benefit to patients who are associated with personal interactions , enabling them to be both pleasant and relaxing .
In Japan , in particular , we are keen on using robots to care for aging population , the reason for this is that home care and hospitals can not allow animals assisted therapy to enter .
Unlike Japan , where there is a large number of people using animal assisted therapy , in North America , there are fewer people that use robotics than animals .
I 've been a member of Active Leisure clubs since 7th April 2013 and I 'm really pleased with your letter , because it means that you care about your customers .
what I really appreciate is staff qualifications , particularly in terms of fitness courses and their punctuality .
This aspect is real important to working people .
I have to congratulate you in the cleanliness of the environments : everything is always perfect and I often see showers being sanitized and people having respect of every common place .
I 'm also having some suggestions .
It would be really useful to have some hairdryers in the locker rooms . In this way , people could have complete service and could get home relaxed or ready to go out .
Another service that could make you competitive with other centres is having a massage room . after any sport , it would be nice for you to have a personal masseur who takes care of your tired body !
Anyways , I 'm really glad to have a leisure club in my city that helps me keep fit !
Thank you for your interesting work .
To whom it may concern
MARY JAMES
Maria James and I met at Marianista school .
We have gone to secondary school together and we have been friends for 5 years , so we know each other very well .
When Mary was in Secondly school , she proved to be a brilliant student .
she was competent , but also hard - working , and that was reflected in her high scores .
Nevertheless , she was not boastful , and , in contrast , she helped other students who had some difficulties with their subjects .
She was appreciated by students and teachers because of her kindness and her willingness to help .
Mary is extremely loyal to her friends .
She 's also caring and supportive and she knows exactly what to speak when you are going through a tough situation .
In addition , she is a very enthusiastic and energetic person , and whenever she sets an objective she accomplishes it .
when Mary was a student She was very self - demanding , who wished to do everything perfectly and as a result , she was sometimes overwhelmed .
However , as the years went by , she managed to handle these situations , as she learnt to organize and did her tasks in a more efficient way .
Marie was always interested in British culture and , therefore , she had studied English for several years and she had read many books about Great Britain .
Since she has completed high school , her intention is to pursue a career , and she is looking for the possibility that will enable her to achieve her goal and develop her English - speaking skills .
This is clear that the post you are seeking to fill would suit her undoubtedly and I have no hesitation regarding supporting her application .
yours faithfully ,
Jeni Jackson
would you like to find out the best place to have our last dinner ?
Firstly , we have to look for a special restaurant for groups , because we are a large number of people .
If we go normal restaurant , we can dislike the treatment .
Today , I am sure there are some restaurants where we would be able to go .
I will explain what my favourite is about for this special occasion .
I suggested ' Pommodoro ' .
This is an Italian restaurant , which is located in the city centre .
Both characters are important to me .
First of all , these kinds of food are liked by most people ; like pizza or maccaroni .
Also , the location is perfect because you can get there easily , walking or using bus .
Then , after dinner , we may go to some discos and pubs .
Besides this restaurant has some delightful decorations .
It looks like you are sit in a Roman theatre .
A waiter is from Italy , so they can talk with us in Italian , which will be very useful for practicing this language .
In conclusion I would recommend this restaurant .
It is the ideal place for us . A big place , delicious food and a location , of course .
nowadays , film stars , musicians , politicians , models live in the limelight .
Some of them want them and some of them are more enthusiastic about being in the centre of attention .
Attempts to follow journalists often follow them all the time .
In his opinion , celebrities have a right to a private life , but only as long as they do n't tell everything around themselves in tabloids .
First of all , everyone has a right to private life .
Be a famous artist or politician is an unusual job , but still only a job , and after the job everyone wants to have his own life .
On the other hand being a superstar , it 's almost impossible to have a private life .
Really well - known people are frequently in contact with their fans and the public know them very well .
In my opinion , everyone has the right to privacy , with no exceptions .
Journalists which follow celebrities just cross the line .
Paparazzi often exceed the limitations of the privacy .
We do n't want to know everything about them ; for example , the hair condition of one actress when she is shopping .
Superstars also deserve to have their own life . None deserve to be followed or spied upon .
Colombia 's army is a good stereotype to other armies in Latin America and even other armies of the world .
Although many Colombians do not know the hard work of their soldiers , they must live day by day for the purpose of protecting our own lives and guarantring democracy for the lot of us .
Therefore , It is necessary to know why Colombia 's army has this distinction .
Firstly , the military forces of Colombia had 438,700 effects . It being the largest army in Latin America , followed by Brazil .
On the other hand , Colombo 's army is regarded as one of the best armies in the country due to its internal conflicts that keep soldiers in action and constant training . Even while in Colombia , it is training other latin American armies from Africa to the Middle Eastern because of the war on antician - terrorists that have engaged Colombian armed forces for 40 years . These have been strengthened , in a masterly manner , by their preparation , intelligence and modern tactic aids .
Secondly , it is necessary to highlight some of the work performed by our army in the anti - terrorism struggle such as foiling terrorist attacks , neutralization of explosive devices left in urban areas and countryside , prevent the recruits of children , realizing that medical brigades helps farmers and , most important , give their lives if it 's necessary to protecting each and every one of us , even without knowing us .
In the end , I can say that hard work and the good image the Colombian army has just reflect our wish for living in peace .
likewise , all the Colombianic people want to reach its dreams in a pacific way , without weapons or fights between brothers and so , showing the world that the Colombian people are brave enough to fight for peace .
Dear Paul ,
Which one is up . .
sorry I did n't answer your letter early .
So , I was really busy organizing the next concert .
By the way , your VIP tickets are waiting in the drawer at my desk .
Just as you asked me to do , I 'm writing to you about helping Kokon with his concert which took place last month .
It has been a huge challenge for me , because I was responsible for almost everything .
After just beginning , I had a problem with theowner of the pub .
He was n't convinced that we 'd be able to sell as many tickets as we can to buy for the pub .
But he did n't know about the band , he was really sceptical about this .
But you know where there 's a willpower , there 's a way and finally I beat him .
when he came to the pub an hour before the concert to see how things were working he was just speechless and surprised .
His pub was so full of people , ( as never before ) .
I did n't told him that even though Kokonis quite an underground band , it has so much fans ! .
His expression almost killed me when I saw it .
His outrage was mixed in with the crowds in his pub and happiness because of the amount of money they spend on beer .
And how about a concert ?
It was fascinating .
Always , I had to take care of everything I had a great time of , too .
We plan our next events with Kokon 's leader .
Today I 'll let you know about concerts coming up this month .
Do you just tell me how you are going to come back to Baytom .
Kisses ,
" Wydra "
She started their life with so many problem , and after every sad period , she discovers that she has plenty of ability to continue .
However , the most difficult thing from her perspective , when she was exposed to losing someone , was how often she had lost so many people at varying circumstances , and she is never used to the feeling of losing , and she hurt each time , as she did the first time .
She experiences traveling , and she attempts to leave everything which causes her sadness . She tries to keep away from policy , and removes the military and weapons images from her mind , but the humans ' bloodshed have chased her .
She was writing about each important event .
I think that , nowadays , most people use little public transport .
Iunderstand that the car is more comfortable and safe to travel and to make short trips however , this environment is more dangerous .
People of some countries use different kinds of transport , like a bike or a train to get around the city .
Scientisting around the world is investigating genetic manipulation for a wide range of beneficial reasons .
Genetic engineering is , however , very raw and there is a lot of resistance to the work and certainly , the suggestions of using it with humans .
The trouble is that although a scientist may think he knows a lot about a particular area of study , and , indeed , he does not know so much about areas of study like genetics there is a great fear of the unexpected .
And indeed this fear is justified .
When people consider the horrific effects of a nuclear holocaust , I am sure there are many who wish that it had never been discovered .
But do we blame scientists who first started the research ? and who have no idea if it will be used as a weapon ?
You can argue that definitely , scientists must have the greatest understanding of the uses of the discovery , good or bad , since they are experts on the subject .
But are we right to blame him ?
let us consider that he has discovered a cure for cancer as a result of genetic engineering .
It is against human nature to stop at this stage and I ask , should I introduce what could be the great medical discovery of our lives if I am not 100% sure of the consequences .
Can we , as scientists , bear this additional burden with the whole world .
To be true , it is unreasonable .
Fuji engineering is developing rapidly and it is already used extensively in plants and bacteria , notably in the production of resistant stage of plants and in the production of human insulin .
The natural step toward now is to apply this knowledge to treat common genetic disorders like Down 's Syndrome .
There is a lot of regional opposition to this , and fears that we can manufacture mutants or that somebody may have produced an army of superhuman clones .
Some of those may seem a little far - fetched but it is conceivable that in 100 years ' time we may be be able to decide the characteristics of our children , whether they are great piano players or sportsmen .
It does not seem , morally , right to be able to make those decisions and certainly to anyone , religion should be seen to be interfering in the ways of God and other things , at all costs .
Such a great scientist can not see into the future .
He can not garage the moral resonance of his discovery nor the long term effect it is going to have on the world .
If he are doing research for what he considers is a good cause , who are we to criticise him for when we know far less about it ?
Providing a scientist 's work has been permitted and is public , I feel it is not just to hold him responsible for what he would do .
To avoid continually written , he / she is the scientist in this essay .
I expect no offence will be taken from this .
Dear Mr / Madam ,
I am writing in response to the invitation to share my experience in making a hard decision that appeared in the July issue of your English - language magazine .
As a nineteen year - old student I gained familiarization with this topic by deciding which course of study was I going to choose .
first of all , I strongly believe that making choices is always risky as people are not sure what the accurate result will be .
As most adolescents , I was at a total loss when the time when deciding what I wanted to be in the future came .
In despair , I applied for two lessons , which did not resemble at all , which made my moment of choosing a lot harder .
Now that I have made this decision a fundamental one , not only was it a decision , but it was also one that will influence the rest of my adulthood , I appealed for help in deciding where I should focus at the moment I make my decision .
While time passed by , I attended more and more classes .
I could not adapt to such a busy timetable and , consequently , I was exhausted and stressful .
A decision had to be made before I dropped both courses of studies .
I bore in mind the pieces of advice I was given and chose to do what made me happy regardless of not having the approval of some of my relatives .
I am convinced that stalk choices are unavoidable , but in order to not regret the consequences they might have . Also , positive or negative , people should choose what will make them happier .
however , I have not given up taking for granted that my decision will not lead to regret .
I know that I am always on time when starting again .
But for the above - mentioned reasons , I think choices should be carefully considered before being made .
This does not ensure the results .
I look forward to hearing subsequent articles on related issues .
Yours sincerely ,
Vilma Rossit
there are many standards by which success and hard working have been measured and rewarded in the past .
In the earlier times people had the lifestyle of making ends meet for themselves .
They did n't affect the many luxuries that were commonplace in our present society .
Because of changes in personalities and ambition , I feel it is vital that , in today 's society , men and women should be financially rewarded for their personal efforts .
In society , each person has the same basic needs for survival .
Long before , the quest for fulfillment of these needs took up the majority of each person 's day .
In order to flee your family , you had to plant .
To live you had to build .
To have clothes , you had to sew them .
Each hour of the day was devoted to meeting these needs .
The earlier , the harder you worked the more food , shelter and clothing you gained .
It is very simple support rewards , equaling effort .
Bring this to a more modern time , we are now reaping the benefits of advanced technology ; expanding knowledge , and modern times .
We have many machines holding us to help us with our food , clothes and shelter needs . With little or no effort on your part , this will appear .
Persons with great technical minds are using their talents in the job and paying someone to do their labor .
, but , just as in those days , the harder you work , the higher the reward .
Iimagine a society where all men and women were treated equally .
All the basic survival needs ( and even wants , for that matter ) were provided , regardless of the effort put forth . I would not venture to think that we would not be as advanced a society as we are today .
Comcompetitive and jealous fights would set in and fights could occur .
The worst case scenario : The world would become divided or even destroyed if someone was sitting on the sidelines , not doing their share .
We would not be motivated to develop our talents and skills and to use them in a way to benefit others .
Our society would become selfish and hollow and our cultures would suffer .
There may be pessimistic views , but I feel like it is a very real view , to say that we have become lazy and stagnant people .
Life is about rewards .
It is about learning where you are and how you can get yourself to the next level .
Each of us is measured daily on some scale of achievement .
The effort is vital to success . Mobile is the key to your efforts .
Some are content with needs . Others want many more !
We have a reward system which is money ... but , is it really about money ?
But I do n't think so .
It 's about meeting need ( and even want ! ) and about how much each person is willing to give for the chance for something better .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name 's Cipurina Pires and I am 17 years old .
I 'm writing to you because I saw an advertisement for a jog at a summer camp in the USA and I would like to make my application for the job .
I like to work with children between 8 - 12 years old because they have energy , and I might understand some of the activities that we would be given to them .
I normally like to organise activities for others and they might be interesting and different .
I loved organising evening activities more than the others , because they were more exciting and more enthusiastic .
Now , I have cooked for my family and I love it . And I would love it for 100 different people .
I can speak English enough that every person can understand ; I 'm energetic , hardworking and cheerful .
It is .......................
Yours sincerely ,
Ciprina
The influence of modern biology is enormous and for this reason . In 1993 the inventor was awarded with the Nobel Prize for Challenge .
Following this invention , Mullis received a winning bonus of $ 10000 from the company he worked for , but within a short time , the rights to use the process made the company 300 million dollars !
Television is , For many people , the main way to spend their free time .
Children spend , on a day , more than one hour watching television .
Parents worry about what their children watch , because they think that their sons do not learn anything . It only entertains .
It is far from real ,
If they choose the correct programs , we could make them teach us a lot inadvertantly .
There are a lot of novels about the environment , animals , the human body , etc which are very interesting and entertaining .
Cartoons will be put into English and other languages to improve them .
TV can be used to leave the blank mind or full brain with a lot of useful information .
Now the stone was on their roofs .
Plastic bags are banned in the city .
Town council is planting more trees .
Solar heaters were introduced in the houses , instead of in water heaters .
Raw water storage systems increase water levels .
Humph wastes are properly handled by the town council .
Governments are encouraging people to use public transport , instead of cars .
Using cycle means a more friendly environmental vehicle .
NED lights are introduced to reduce electricity usage .
Change is always good .
It is widely accepted that change is an essential motor of progress .
In fact , for many people , without changes , mankind would still live as if in prehistory , without fire , wheels , or even comfortable houses . We would likewise live in caves ?
We only would eat what our men hunt for .
We would wear animal leather .
Oh !
What a ridiculous painting !
But in my opinion , the problems are more complex .
Conservatives people , for instance , are usually reluctant to change , because they are afraid of changing , probably because they like bad things but sure things .
In addition , if you have a glance at history , in spite of the fact that times of revolution are usually traumatic , humanity tends to improve after them .
The question is whether convulsions , violence , wars that often change needs to really be done without ?
It is oftentimes said that public transport is about to disappear since most people seem to be pleased with using their own cars for nearly every journey they take .
This might probably be true for the majority of people .
Sure enough , if asked , most people would say they prefer travelling by accident to using public transport . Travelling by car offers many advantages .
For example , you can decide the exact time you want to go away , and where you want to leave you .
You do not have to share your journey with somebody you do not want to and you can get to the point exactly where you want to live .
Everything else about cars seems to be an advantage .
So why does public transport still exists ?
To begin with , because not everybody could own a car .
But , even if everybody could , it would be a nightmare to try to get to a big city , such Barcelona , by car .
I did not think there would be enough space for so many vehicles , not only to park but also to cross the road .
Moreover , the level of pollution will be so high that I doubt anybody will survive it .
The Future
The problems of this plant are increasing every day and people are asking themselves : What will the future be like in 30 years ?
We thought that the world would be destroyed .
At first , many kind of plant species become extinct , and 90% of fauna will be endangered .
After that , food will be insufficient to satisfy social demand and people will be dying of starvation . Diseases will be more common and a lot of people will die due to epidemics .
An appreciable part of society will be diagnosed with cancer .
Living in egalitarian society , people will collaborate to save the world , we will be using robots to clean the planet , scientists will be design special clothes to avoid radiation , and people will be using oxyear - grade tanks .
In our current society , life is divided by social status .
The poor will be living in the trash pits and the rich people will be living inside spacecraft .
There would be wars in order to get water .
When you become famous you will probably definitely have known the taste and the price of fame .
There are many people in my country who think that being a famous person is a blessing to some extent .
Such a person is known to most people within a national or even an international rate .
Some believe that there are many advantages of being a celebrity or widely - known person , though there are a number ofdisadvantages as well .
Best of all , many local and world - famous celebrities claim to have no private life .
Being famous meant that probably most of your journalists , your neighbours and ordinary people would be interested in your life .
In most cases , it is impossible to avoid that kind of attention .
People are worried and they admire their favourite stars ' lives by reading magazines , watching TV , or surfing the Internet .
Moreover , such yellow press columns using the title ' celebrities ' hit the selling records , giving huge benefits to the publishing companies .
Millions of people are able to buy magazines with celebrity on the covers . Some photos give the readers some " additional " and not the most pleasant details .
People are really interested in everything : the articles about break - ups , drug abuse of young celebrities , questionable relationships , or even the special ones with naked celebrity photos .
This is rather than sharing some of your private life details . Most of the press look for scandals and their aim was to uncover the most intimate secrets .
Secondly , being successful and famous also requires that a person be good at his or her job .
The ' star ' is followed not only by the public eye , he or she is also evaluated by producers and future employees of companies .
This is no doubt the reason why celebrities work hard to achieve fame , and better and more desirable jobs , including supreme salaries .
The majority of celebrials have their own managers who take care of their image .
So , if you are rich and famous , it does not always mean that you would be able to live and act as you would like to .
Fame has another side . There are strict requirements for actors , singers , etc . , which appears as if they have signed a contract with companies which provide for their jobs .
, Attending events or parties may be a necessities and does not always depend on one 's wishes for celebrity .
Also , they say , fame spoils people and they battle with their personal problems . Only it is more difficult to help them , than to any ordinary person .
Sometimes there are cases where a lack of private life leads to more serious issues .
It is all we know that some well known people become engaged in illegal activities and start using drugs or alcohol , as well they join various mysterious religious groups .
Sometimes they can even become suicidal just because of the constant pressure .
Even if being in the public eye is not always very pleasant , there are a number of advantages to being a part - timer : It is worth sacrificing little of your private life .
Going deeper into public entertainment , which is definitely rewarding , gives you a lot of benefits .
Mostly , celebrities have not worked all of their lives , although the money they earn during their careers ( sometimes they are a very short period of success ) allows them to live without worried people .
Give away some personal detail , and you are famous , that may bring you some fortune .
To example , many celebrities sell photos of their baby being born to magazines , as they earn enormous summers of money , in order to get a tiny glimpse into their family life .
addition , being a famous person means that you are able to influence other people , especially the young generations .
By set a good example , celebrities may become idols and inspire other people to live and help other people who are in need .
Donald donating money to charities , as well as being involved with volunteer projects is one of those things you can do when you are rich and famous .
To summaise , fame comes with many disadvantages , as well as it also has a number of advantages .
Celebrities have different experiences .
Their lives seem to be glamorous and they look gorgeous , though we will never know what it is under the ' beautiful and sparkling cover '
Shopping Online
Currently , with the internet having persisted our lives , online shopping enjoys a great popularity among us , especially for young people .
Even if some deny shopping online for the virtue of the internet , I unhesitatingly get hooked .
First of all , they are more convenient and time - saving for shopping online .
For example , time and space can not be taken into account if we go shopping online .
Since we are trying to purchase something , we will be able to shop online .
As is well - known , there is no shutdown at online stores .
In addition , walking could be avoided for a long time , and it could be avoided if we shopping online .
Because once we place an order , merchants will dispatch the goods immediately .
Meanwhile , it 's easier to buy high quality and inexpensive goods via the internet .
Thanks to the display of feedback from customs and merchants ' reputation on the webpage , we can value the goods directly and pick out their goods , to some extent , in a vast range of goods that we are eager to find online .
Finally , shopping on the online market plays an essential role in our lives , for its convenience and flexibility .
Actually , shopping online really perfectly spans our lives .
I believe that the Internet market will be more wholesome and guaranteed with the optimization of the market .
Dear USA Summer Camp ,
I want to have this job because I like childs being outside , I am also a person who work a lot , if it is necessary , at night .
I have very well - organised activities suitable for children , also last year I went to a campsite and taught me how to prepare activities for children . Also , they taught me how to work with children .
Last year I went to cooking lessons , and I learnt how to prepare food suitable for children , also I know how to prepare desserts for adults and for children .
I 'm a nice , funny and sociable person with children .
Currently , public transport is used , but many people are beginning to travel much more by using their own cars instead of travelling by public transport which , in my opinion , is better for use .
One reason for my opinion is that , on the bus , train , railways , etc . we can fit more people into a car or on motorbikes , so we pollute less , because we all use the same vehicle instead of using one car or one motorbike to pollute more . As always , things are very expensive but there is a question that must be asked , is it worth paying to save our ecosystem , or even our lives ?
I think so and besides that , it is much cheap than buying a car and I will be putting in petrol per month or less . Another reason I prefer to use public transport is because I have to adapt to a schedule , so I will not be late for the destination I want to go to , and besides , that bus stop there are some codes that are used to see what happens when the next bus is late coming .
To conclude , public transport is more than using a car or a motorbike ; but people ca n't watch it .
Terrorism is the use to fear and acts of violence in order to intimidate society or governments .
Many different types of social or political organizations might be using terrorism to try to achieve their goals .
It is difficult to define terrorism .
Terrorism has no official crime law definition at international level .
Similar definitions of terrorism refer to violent acts which are intensified by fear of terror ; which are carried out by religious , political , or ideological purposes ; and which target civilians .
Some definition now includes acts of unlawful violance and war .
Use of similar tactics by a criminal gang is not often called terrorism , though those same actions may be call terrorism when carried out by a politically motivated group .
Your best friends will forever be meant to be forever .
In that sense , our family will be here with us forever .
But , what if they are not that close to you ?
How can you keep your pampered always ?
Of course you will feel irritated especially at a teenager .
A family protects us , and gives care , but they 'll be irritable if they do the same when they grow up .
They should give space for themselves .
When you are a child , you love to go to be with your parents and love hanging out with them all around the world . Once you come across your childhood , change the same track for friends and consider them as your everything , keep in mind that only the family will be there with you in the worst way .
I think it has changed since there are more and more fat kids by the day .
Portugal is one of the European countries with more fat kids and a slightly higher number of fat kids than Spain and Ireland .
Eastern European countries were the ones with fewer fat kids , and might be influenced by former communist rule ?
But when you do n't have something to eat , you do n't get fat and , consequently , you do n't get caught with diseases that are common in fat people , like diabetes .
That was the only , though unintended , up - to - date aspect of communism over capitalism .
Although It would be amusing for me to continue slagging off communism , I wo n't go there .
The topic is about eating habits . This is always eradicating problems , alongside health and prosperity , when communists gained power over the country .
But bang !
Nowadays , in my country people eat a lot of the same kinds of unhealthy food as other people eat in the rest of the Western countries .
We use to eat a lot of CDC , which is the stereotypical Portuguese dish , and we still do , but now , we also eat a lot of fast food , and that 's part of the reason why we have had so many fat kids .
If I were a kid , fifteen years ago , the kids used to be slight .
When I first entered the second grade , there was n't a single fat kid in the class .
These days , 32 % of children are fat .
Over a period of twenty years , we 've became one of the countries in Europe with more fat kids .
So , eating habits have dramatically changed in my country , but we could get back our good old slim silhouettes after our old problematic new government ; a coalition of nationalists and communists takes office .
Food , everybody loves it . Some people also hate it . Those who can not control themselves suffer the consequences to their health of overeating .
Lack of self - control is a very sad thing .
fortunes , I do n't have that problem .
I do n't lack inspiration for writing , but I will try it , because I have to do it .
eating habits in my country .
I already talked about the fat kids who eat shit , and that makes them fat .
shitty food is trendy in my country , as I say , but it 's true for every European country , like I also say .
But I guess it is more natural than eating root and animal corpses , which are similar to those our hominid ancestors lived in millions of years ago .
Hunter - gatherers thousands of years ago ate roots , too , but they did n't have to eat rotting flesh because they hunt animals , as the first half of their names suggest . I know I really look like an idiot by writing these kinds of things , but that just proves that I was telling the truth when I said I 'm lacking inspiration .
I was reading Milton 's Paradise Lost , first because I wanted to read it because of its literary significance , second because I want to improve my English , and reading is a good way to achieve that goal .
I 'm only in the first Book .
It 's nicely excellent work , of course .
I think I would have trouble understanding Milton 's English , because , you know , it 's not English you hear from the average communicated English speaker . But it turns out it 's a much easier read than I thought .
I am finding Shakespeare harder , although , after a bit of a fight , I managed to get one , too , but not always , for now at least .
To me , at 230 years old , I am only 15 and I haven't lived long enough .
When I was just a kid , I was not completely well , so I have a whole lot to discover and to shape my life .
In addition , I have no idea how I am going to get there . I am now in bed studying for my tests of tomorrow , but I guess in 215 years from now it wo n't matter .
I am really wondering how it feels to live that long . Are n't you bored of living ?
Do you ever wish you were dead ?
I bet you have the God complex , and you must feel powerful ...
But do you ?
Otherwise , perhaps you feel weak , vulnerable , dead , lost ... You have lived for so long more than anyone can .
Of course living like this must have consequences : How is it in your head ?
What do you think ?
What does it mean for you ?
How happy are you have become ?
How much did you do ?
And what is the price of being you ?
Did you really give up everything to have what you have ?
Do n't you ever regret it ?
Do you want to feel lonely ?
What do you do with your cold heart ?
Is there anything capable of unfreezing it ?
Do you have a dream , you know ?
we were in a forest , the sun was at the top of the skies , the birds were singing , I could hear the sound of the water falling , it was a heavenly place . They were beautiful , then you were there , behind a tree . You did n't say a word . We just got close , you were looking into my eyes , so was I . Then I put my right arm on your cheek , and at that moment , I felt you , you , your skin , your soul .
And it lasted for a few moments , it was magical .
I guess we are going to meet only in one place : in Heaven ; we are not supposed to meet each other on Earth .
Not in our miserable mortal lives , but it does not matter anyway .
I felt you in that dream and I would not change that to a thing .
And I felt close to you .
And somehow , without even meeting you , I fell in love with your existence .
And it kills me tomorrow that I will always always have love for you forever .
Iwill weep for you my love , day and night , and even when my eyes wo n't let tear away , my heart will always do it .
Recklessly , pretty and wild
I hated how Clara was the teacher .
She was taught history in 2éE.S.O. She had short brown , curly hair .
She had always had a ponytail .
Clara was serious and bossy .
Therefore , she generally shouts at everyone when she teaches a lesson .
Clara was worse at school than Pilar , my English teacher .
The Pilar was kind and fantastic to the children .
School " Valle del Ambroz " , is a small place .
The building is small and located in the centre of the village .
Classes are small and pavilion too .
The quality of teachers was good , although teachers described very poorly , because students were not told very well .
I sometime hated them because the did n't see that effort that we did to approve exams , because we were very psyched about it .
The other reason why I hated them was the difficulty they had having taking exams .
However I have a great memory for all of my teachers because I helped them pull him off .
Istil dreamt that there would be a chance for me to make a trip around the world , there were many ways to travel from one place to another , But I preferred doing that by abortion or on a train .... Because on boat or train Americans fill the windows on my face or my hands , Americans heard the sound of birds above me . On the planets you could see only the blowing sky and nothing else ... it is a strange idea to me to be between the earth and the sky , so I prefer traveling on boats or a train .
Not just public transport has future , but it also deserves a bright one .
Despite thefact that travelling by car might be more comfortable , we all should be absolutely conscious that public transport ought to occupy a prime spot in our future movement .
Otherwise , the future of the Earth might be placed in danger .
If we , in a civilised society , were careful of the problem of the greenhouse gases that are then and again expelled to the atmosphere , we would be using public transport much more often .
Under this measure , the air pollution will be reduced as a consequence of the use of buses , trains , and the underground , all of them public means of transport and that can prevent the massive presence of special cars in our streets and roads .
Apart from cutting down on polluting gases in the atmosphere , the safety of our routes would improve , as there would likely be fewer cars circulating throughout the country .
Both effects would combination with a healthier environment in which our children could grow up safe .
Instead , there is no excuse for using public transporte , as it has been remarkably improved over the last few years .
Nowadays , it is almost possible to access a public transport anywhere at any time , and erasing , as a result , one of the main problems that public transport has for its potential users .
So if we are determined to preserve our beloved planet and makes it a better place to life , a definitely good start would be to leave the car in the garage and take the bus .
The last film I saw was not new , in fact , it is " The One " . it is the best horror and suspense film I have ever seen in my life .
They are set on a small English island and they were installed in 1946 , at the end of the second war .
A crazy woman is waiting for her husband .
She has the total obligated to protect her children because they are allergic to the light .
Recently in the mansion three new servants are appearing : Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
Strange things happened in a mansion .
At first the little girl ( son of Grace ) , Anne hearts and sees this strange thing , but his mother , Nicholas ( brother ) , don't believe him .
And all the time he said to his mother the strange things that she sees , and Nicholas started out too .
Time passed and all in the house started to feel these strange things .
At that moment , Charles ( the husband and father ) returns to the house , but one day , the other time will disappear .
Then , one day , all the curtains in the house disappeared . This was serious , because children are sick and they ca n't receive the sunlight .
I would recommend this film to anyone , because the story seems real .
The movie also has excellent sound effects and transmits epic sensations .
As we discussed before a project was launched , this two - domain structure causes some problems and inconveniences both in management & maintenance and in collecting analytics ( Google , etc . )
So , using single - domain structure seems better , if it is possible to develop the site in this way ( in combination with wordpress and custom code ) .
Now , it 's time to draw the line at all the considerations and make the final decision ( with SCHEME included ) .
To ensure relationships between members of the same species , the movements of the procession are specific to the one the female selects as the one that best takes care of .
Both mate performed their movements to show submitted behavior and reach copulation .
Better yet , I would like to tell you my opinion about this pretty obvious presentation : well organized , good scheduling , and wide - routed transport - this is one of the two possible options for moving through the city .
So , please call me your personal driver : you are a sure stranger and you are the mastermind of your route .
Avoid wasting time on several stops and you can reach your goal ( work place , shops or even suburban ski club ) much more easily and faster .
And the above arguments are versus our own cars - they are expensive , not ecological , and have to take care of their car ( parking , repair , insurance , cleaning ) and have to find a way to get a car .
Thus , flexibility of the price , this is the main question .
As soon as the problems of the price of car ownership were solved , soon the question of public transport 's necessity was raised again .
Many people believed that public transportation 's future would not exist due to an incredible increase in transport 's sales -sideways , electric cars or bicycles .
For these reasons , people wonder if common means of transport could disappear from this new transport trend .
I am completely sure that public transport is the best option for people to move in the city for various reasons .
For all , and taking into account the financial crisis , public transport , like the buses or the underground , is the cheapest way to travel or even move in your own city .
Overall , if you add not only petrol , but also the maintenance , services and insurance , you pay a few but expensive taxes .
In addition , everybody understands that there are more people on buses than in cars , so consequently , pollution produced is lower .
By contrast , it is true that many places have not a good communication and could take you quite a long time to get there .
But imagine if everyone had a car , nobody could get to their work in time .
On balance , public vehicles are the best option for moving in the city .
However , if communication between the villages and bus time - tables improve , public transport could even be better .
Since we were very successful with this invention , I started to have some fantasies of another high - tech portable invention I could help create .
I began imagining some type of synthetic fabric slash fiber that when the water touches the surfront , it does n't get wet .
This could be really useful for the army because sometimes they have to work in the rain and their hands and bodies get wet and that 's uncomfortable .
To do this , I had to alter the gravity of water when it touches the surface , so instead of the material absorbing the water , it could have a reflection of it .
First , when I applied the chemical to the material , it becomes very rigid . Therefore , it was uncomfortable to be able to use and it had very little mobility .
I used fractions less of that chemical because I put them in clothes to see the results of this minor change of volume in the secret substance I used to make water a reflection of clothes for military and other various purposes ; like using them on a rainy day and replacing the umbrellas , they could make a difference .
If this invention was able to work , I could forget about the success and money , I suspended my clothing again and put the substance of it on . To see if this time it works well , I could forsee that if my partners found out about my invention 2 things could happen . They will be proud of me for creating and developing some new innovative ideas that could make big progress for humanity . Or they could get really mad at me , because I did n't tell them how my project was going and , because we are on an on - going project that is very successful , they could very disappointed me with it . We are still having to work hard for 6 months to try to create another invention , and grow up to 4 months before the end .
I am a native Russian speaker and freelance translator specializing in technical marketing .
It provides English - speaking Russian translations and cultural adaptation of websites , manuals , user guides , press - eases , technical and economic materials , workshops , training programs , multimedia presentations , etc .
I have a sense of style in my native language , and the target text would sound appropriate .
A strong technical background allowed me to think of how a device works to a general audience without diluted its value for professionals .
I am working as a Full - time freelance translator with largest Russian and European translation companies including Neotech , Logrus , ABBYY , Wessex Translation , Imprimatur , etc .
I was employed in a wide variety of projects for the different industry sectors , including translations of product brochures , specification sheets , event materials , promotional and marketing translation , translation of dealer portal , translation of train , user and dealer manufacturing , and translation of a website .
Over 10 years of total marketing and sales experience from several auto , parts and accessories companies gave me the opportunity to get the inside track and learn the automotive industry from inside .
I have improved my valuable experience in brand management , clientele , media relations , promotions , product marketing and training , etc .
I was responsible for a variety of marketing and e - commerce functions and the implementation of retail - oriented marketing , advertising and product programs .
Additionally consultations and iterations are included with my service in order to give you an opportunity to give feedback on the translation and to receive a revised translation with exact requirements from your customers .
There 's no future for public transport because to travel by car is so much more convenient .
When you travel by car , you can have more privacy ; and you can go anywhere , anytime .
It 's less expensive but it has a lot of advantages .
Public transport is good for a city , but personal transport is terrible . You will need to wait and do n't have to go many directions to achieve your address .
There is n't a lot of comfort and sometimes you have to be without a seat .
Several times , people who travel by bus are delayed and arrive cloudy , then waste time on all - stop buses .
These people are different , and they are always different . No matter how time passes , the people are different and they like it .
Hopefully , the poor people have the chance to buy a car as well , if it costs a lot of money for them , they will buy .
It 's a question of freedom and it 's a question of humanity .
Does n't matter about the improvements made to public transport , traveling the car was and will be a best choice for one person in future with more choices and not so much rigid and compacts , but flexible , faster and more convenience .
My favorite sport is yoga . It 's a fantastic sport .
I liked yoga because it was a relaxing sport , when we could work our mind and our bodies .
Yoga helps your concentration to have a great flexibility and working .
Yoga helps us to live relaxing and accept life as it is .
This allows you to work with the organisms by using stretching techniques .
Yoga has many benefits , both emotional , spiritual and moral , that we should learn to have better ability to deal with the situations facing us on a daily basis .
The advice I would give someone starting this sport is to relax and enjoy the maxim that yoga has to offer you .
From Lunde to Lunde , 85 % of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
Oh , statistics from SC do support this thesis .
These friendships illustrate the power of frustrating the human body .
People that murder others probably wo n't go into this situation wanting to kill other people .
A person 's frustration leads to anger and aggression that just gets out of control .
But even small things such as getting to the point of someone 's goal can lead to frustration which leads to aggressive murder .
These tragedy also illustrate the flippancy with which Americans view murder and other forms of violence .
By exposure , perhaps we are desensitized to violence .
The media is also playing a part for this flippancy .
When a character is shot , he often appearing in the next scene .
Kids , in particular , do n't form realistic schemas regarding violence .
The media also dispenses to sex crimes , leading to more rapes .
For example , we , potential parents , must intill our children - the future presidents , doctors , teachers , and even murders - a true picture of aggression and the need to control it .
Racial prejudition is not as pronounced as it was 30 years ago .
It is actually appearing to decline .
That is evident in , for example , cartoon and TV . This shows that racial minorities are n't publicly stereotyped .
Attitudes concerning desegregation have also changed - perhaps as a result of the psychology of inevitable and cognitive dissonance .
perhaps through the media and other sources , some misconceptions are being cleared up and more realistic information is being provided to the public .
I would suggest that he either focus on his similarities of ideas and opinions with that person 's , or genuinely consider presenting his opinions . And then converting to the others ' opinions .
I think he should also become competent , but not perfect ( the pratfalls effect ) .
He should at first pretend to thinks negatively of her and eventually evaluate her more positively ( gain - loss theory ) .
The client would appear as attractive as he can w / o , using his attractiveness to manipulate her .
The client can hope ( particularly if she is of avg or lower attractiveness ) that she has moderately low self - esteem and will thus be less selective in her choices about dates or friends .
Their client should also disclose personal info .
to her client to introduce herself to the likes of him .
This advice can be backed up by research .
That would be better for the client to ask a favoured person - b / c with this cognitive dissonance . The other person would view the client as being generally more suitable .
When discussing sensitivity , the author emphasize the importance of being sensitive to one 's own feeling , thoughts , and the effects of his own behaviour on others .
Only whenever this is accomplished will he become sensitive about others ' feelings .
Sensitivity is a necessary component of effective communication .
A confrontation could make one more sensitive about his own behavior and how others would interpret it .
An should be sensitive to the other 's interpretation of his behavior , so that he will know better about how to act .
Micheal arrived home at 5:45pm .
He went directly into his room with a furious face .
He sat down on his bed , screaming .
After that he began to smash his things .
His mother heard the noise and decided to see what was going on .
Then she took the stairs , and went into Micheal 's room .
she saw things lying everywhere .
She asked him why he had done it .
" Micheal , instead of answering , shouted at her . "
Me and his mother had a clash about something .
One while later , she left the room , leaving the door open .
At that moment , Micheal began to calm down .
They thought about what they had done and let off a sigh .
When Micheal opened the door , he knew at that time he had made a mistake .
Genetic manipulation is an area that has caused a great number of controversy within the science industry .
One of the main advantages is the failure to tailor other organisms genetic makeup for man 's needs .
The possibilities are endless . A crop could be designed to grow in the empty , hot conditions of many third world countries , relieving them of their worries of starvation .
Cattle can be bred which are more efficient at converting plant energy to body mass and can even be killed off by altering people 's resistance to them .
Of course to some extent genetic manipulation has already existed .
Racehorses are bred from certain combinations of parents and gardeners and cross breed plants to suit their individual needs .
--There is much opposition to the process of a genetic mutation .
The advantages seem very favorable and I 'm sure that scientists would take a lot of credits for these .
But would he accept blame if he had caused one of the many disadvantages of genetic manipulation ?
There are many possibilities for misuse this process .
One is a question of ethics and morals .
Are you right to try and change the motive ?
Is it the right of one man to play God ?
It is also possible that we will not be able to control the new organisms that will be created through genetic engineering .
A new plant , which has an increased growthrate , may seem like an answer to all our problems , but What would we do if suddenly it upset an ecosystem , draining the soil of its nutrients and does not allow other plants to grow ?
In theory scientists should take responsibility for that , but in an domestic field such as genetic manipulation of which we do not know a great deal , it would not be possible to find a solution .
Another problem would be the process of testing .
It is already near the stage when it is possible to test people 's genetic make up to find out the possibility of their developing certain illnesses .
anytime soon , it may be possible for firms to employ people with a certain expected lifespan or for insurance companies that refuse to insure certain individuals on the basis of a genetic test .
Although the threat of the Cold War has diminished , the technology made available from studies into genetic warfare could be dangerous in the wrong hands - particularly in the field of germ warfare .
Though scientists can take credit for the developments and improvements in the quality of life which their research brings , There are so many disadvantages that they could be forced to take responsibility for any misuse of this new technology .
I 'm so sorry it 's too late sending e - mails
It 's nice to hear from you and to read .
The first day of March was terrible , because I caught a cold and toothache about 2 weeks ago .
Now I was healed .
We were fine .
I 'm doing my job and studying the master 's lesson .
The first semester , I had studying which lessons Thin film fabrications and applications , Theoretical physics , and Diffraction methods . Theoritical physics is a little bit boring .
And studying German spectroscopy .
I am pleased the weather will be warming the temperature to + 2 degrees Celsius .
the problem is there is not enough time to learn English .
It 's bad .
I 'm confused and I know only one thing that must be studied : English .
It has been long discussed that people always learn big lessons from mistakes .
Some people people think there is no room for mistake in their daily life , work , even in their families .
However , I certainly consider a mistake as truly a necessary step in our learning experience .
I am going to show you the real story about Michael to testify my viewpoint .
Michael was a 6 - year - old child who lives in the lovely countryside with his parents and their newborn little brother , Tom .
In this small countryside , Michael received all his parents ' love , attention and passion .
Nevertheless , things were going differently until little Tom , born , Michael , suddenly lost all care .
He fell into deep despair and tried all his efforts to remind himself that he belonged to the government .
In a zoo in the south of France , millions of species live there .
This country is visited daily by many childrens and adults because of the number of people that live in that country and also in other country .
Yesterday , some friends in the city that this zoo owns , decided that they wanted to stroll along the river , to have a picnic , to play football and to have a good time together .
They were on holiday .
Suddenly , while they were playing football and eating a sandwich , each one of them , Max saw a little lion that wanted to attack and get all of his food , but although it is hard to see this situation , Bob was a little scared .
Max is very fond of animals , because he thought it was very small and very playful , otherwise , he and his three other friends never would have approached their animals .
There was dusk in the warm summer of southern France , when they saw two men of security walking towards them at the great zoo of this city , we looked at each other and we said that the animal had escaped from the zoo .
Finally , a starry sky , full nights , and everyone in your house .
He was very exhausted and said:" What an amazing day ! "
Max whispered to him as he got into bed that night .
I 'm so glad to hear from you !
You do n't have any inkling how happy I am .
In connection with your question , I 'll try to tell you how you can get to my house .
There are these three options .
At first , you should take a taxi , but I have to warn you about the taxi driver .
Then they 're sly boots and they can ask u to pay more than it 's really priced at .
Second , you should take the bus .
But , unfortunately , our buses are n't comfortable .
And one of the last alternatives , and I recommend this one to you , is my car !
So , I 'm going to wait to collect you in the airport , and it wo n't take you anything .
Since you are asking about the best places to visit , I 'd suggest you visiting a few places such as Oxford , London and Piccadilly .
These places are really puchritudinous !
As I 'm sorry , I wo n't be able to meet you on your excursions , as I only have a lot of free time and need to complete my assignments .
You might be lucky because the museums and the galleries are not too far from my house .
you can go toone of the most popular museums in the UK , such as the British Museum .
I recommend seeing galleries in the Royal Academic of Arts and the National Portrait Gallery .
me . I 'm certainly not disappointed by it !
I never felt so nervous in my life before , because it was the first time , for me , that I was on stage and singing in front of so a big crowd .
How would I possibly know that a few months after that day I would be acting as the president of our country for even more people .
Just as I walked towards the stage in this hall , feeling every eye piercing me , there were several things going on in my head .
I was thinking of losing my consciousness , getting a heart attack or even worse : being slaughtered by a bad singer from the audience .
In that way , my knees started wobbling and I felt like I was going to pudding .
Whenever I make a flashback to these seconds which felt like hours , I have no idea how I so managed to get to this stage but somehow , I finally found myself standing there and , in slow motion , grabbing for the microphone with my hands shaking . It was like an earthquake had just occurred .
This moment had come .
I went inhaling and could hardly feel the air widening my lunges .
I opened my mouth , tried to calm down and to get all my concentration on the first note , which ... did n't arrive .
Well , they did , but they are not noticeable for anybody .
So I tried again , and suddenly my attitude changed , from the mouse , who was nervous like hell , , to the woman who loved singing and sharing it with the world .
The melody starting to flow and I happily filled the hall with music .
For example it said to the head , " There is no future for public transport , " because travel by car is so much more convenient .
" Yes , I agree with that . 'Now people are geting tired to watch the bus or public transport vehicles . Now , the personal car has the strength , if you want , to go ...
i do n't know ..... about a place like your holiday house , maybe a bus can not get to it and you need a personal car .
If you want to move stuff from different places to different places , you ca n't do that by bus . You need a personal car . So a personal car is better than a public transport vehicle .
The principle aim of this report was to provide the organisers of an international festival with information about low interest in young people in my country .
me am going to write about their interests in music , on the television programmes and in the clothes they are used to wearing concluding with my own personal statement .
Firstly , by conducting a survey of the young people in my area , it emerged that music is essential for them .
Also , youngsters are inspired by songs they listen to and by the music videos as well ,
In addition , by the same token , many of those surveyed complained about their favorite singer being their idol .
Secondly , many young people expressed their intent in television programmes , such as films and series .
The series has become very popular . Numerous teenagers spend at least half of their afternoons watching series on their technology , neglecting their schoolwork and extracurricular activities .
Also , sometimes young people get obsessed by TV series and they lose their social life as well .
Lastly but not least , youngsters are interested in fashion .
For instance , almost every girl interviewed admitted that they are very keen on being fashionable , and a large amount of them claims that she loves having a wide range of clothes in order to show how fancy they are .
In conclusion , I personally think that the next international holiday should consider all of young people 's interests if organizers want it to be a success .
In the pictures I can see a boy walking two dogs at the sea .
I think he 's about 12 years old .
He is wearing a black ' n White jacket and black shorts .
He was shoeless .
One dog has a brown fur , and its breed is Dachshund .
The second dog , which is white and is a breeding breed is Maltese .
Boy , is the dog looking at them from a leash .
It seems he is happy .
There are some rocks at the sea and on the beach ; there is also a thorough lying in the sand .
the weather is n't very bad , but it ' s clouds and I think it 's not so hot there .
David Jo ,
First , I would like to thank you for visiting my country .
I do think that my county is the best choice .
The reason why I want to say this is that it has a huge , wonderful landscape , as well as career opportunities .
Next , I am proud to talk to you about the beauty of my country .
There are 54 minorities living socially together in the " s " - shaped country .
Every people lands every region which is different to the other .
My country has not just modern towns , but also sparing villages that make you feel a variety of emotions .
Especially , I would have to tell them that the cuisine is something which you should n't miss .
Then , regardless of being a developing country , there are so many opportunities to improve your career .
Nowadays , Vietnam has been attractive foreign investments to many countries .
Besides that , this dominating industry is also improving prominently ; especially in the field of imports .
We export mainly agricultural products for instance rice , seasonal fruits and vegetables .
Travelling services occupy a large amount of my country 's GDP in a lot of categories .
Finally , I am looking forward to seeing you in my country soon .
Yours sincerely ,
Nguyen Duong
Another topic that I like very much is electricity .
In today 's world everybody uses electrical energy almost all .
You should put in your personal computer , lamps and anything that is needed to pull it in .
What almost no one knows is that electricity travels a long way to get to your houses .
A journey starts with planting energy , wherein electricity is generated by resources like water , wind , solar energy , nuclear energy and other methods .
So , the electrical energy travels to even the substation .
After that , the electric energy needs to lose a little bit of it to arrive at your house without problems and it occurs on a place called substation .
Therein lies the fact we need to thought about it very well before we waste energy .
It is a great expense for you and mainly for the environment .
ESSAY
It was widely known that a majority of teenagers were keen on video games .
Some people think that it 's waste of time and a bad habit , too , while others think that it 's a good way to spend your free time .
To my mind , there are pros and cons .
Behind the scenes , computer games could help you escape from your busy schedule and get some rest and relax after school .
Apart From that , it 's quite convenient mainly because you stay in your home and have entertainment .
Also , video games are interested in more than traditional toys , so they capture teenagers ' interest .
Last , but not least , some of them are educational and give them the ideal opportunities to gain knowledge .
On the other hand , there are many drawbacks .
Having begun when you spend many hours at the computer screen , you become addicted to them .
As a result , you do n't get together with your friends , and you do n't communicate face to face .
In additional , a lot of videos games are full of violence and teens tend to imitate it , so they have violence and aggressive behavior .
Also , playing video games for hours is very harmful for your eyes .
In conclusion , computer Games is a nice way to spend your free time , but always in moderation .
I feel that the invention of the computer has significantly changing people 's lives .
This is realistically quite a whole new invention and , in its short life span , has been able to change the world significantly .
not to mention how it will change peoples ' lifestyles in the future .
I feel both bad and good because these changes resulted from the invention of the computer .
Technologically , computers are improving people 's lives drastically .
No longer are the times when people must write a paper manually , or even with a simply typewriter .
Personal computers are becoming very common , and therefore less expensive and easier to own .
Computers have also caused life to transpire much quicker than usual .
Gone , there were the days when a person had to wait until it was opened .
After all , we now have ATM automatic teller machines that are able to proceed from the same transactions as a teller would do .
It seems as if these days EVERYaTHING is run on computers !
We are able to complete our tasks much more better and much more efficiently .
Basitically , every facet of life has been affected by computers bringing about negative results .
Both computers have brought About improvements ; in my opinion , they had also " impersonalized " the world .
Jobs are being taken away from humans who are not " fast enough " .
Infections by humans in some places is extinct .
Yeah , it might be more effective to have a computer to do your transaction at a bank , but I miss human interractions between people .
In addition , It is also very dangerous to place all of one 's trust in a machine .
It is a common fact machines fail !
Honestly , a car with a computer says to the driver when an on - going obsolete is approaching is safe , and what happens if the driver relies too much on the computer and not enough on his own brain ?
People will soon be able to stop thinking , and allow machines to do work for them .
I feel afraid when our society relies so heavily on a bunch of wires .
Computers have not been able to express and truly feel emotions , and therefore have been incapable , in some instances , of being unable to function .
with the invention of the computer comes many changes to the style of the past , changes to the style for the future .
Some of these changes would save people 's lives , as well as advances in medical technologies , safety , etc .
But I fear that our words will make our world a very impersonal place .
I hope that we will be able to determine what improvements should be made and what should just remain " slow " .
" Dear Mrs Ashby ,
Then I am writing to apply for one of the positions helping in your cafe .
I looked at an advertising near my house for this job .
I have the right qualifications for this job . For instance , I have taken courses in cooking . Hence , I am interested in other kinds of food .
Furthermore , I am very good at dealing with people . Last summer I went to a museum as a guide .
My work is very hard , enjoy working with other people and I would agree with work on how much you need .
I would like the opportunities to work in a cafe .
So , I am a sociable person and I like working with others .
In addition , this job would offer me more experience in my chosen professional field since I want to apply in the future as a chef in a restaurant .
I am allowed to interview at any time .
I was looking forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you provide any further information .
I can be made contact with 0741123456 at any time .
Feel faithfully ,
Flor Barbus
I want to recommend a Mzolis restaurant .
It is a place located in the heart of Warsaw .
A lot of foreigners get there to try delicious traditional South African grill food .
It was rather an informal restaurants designed in a rustic shape that guaranteed a really nice atmosphere .
When it comes to dish , you can try all kinds of grilled meats , even the most exotic ones .
Regarding the service , I can do it all unusually , as you choose whether you like meat and the staff will prepare your dish . Then you go to the kitchen to have your dish and eat it by hand .
Once I have been there , I really like that place ; you feel at home and the dishes are delicious .
The price is also the cheapest I could find in this country .
The primary reason why I like that place is because I can see many different people from different parts of the world .
I have been there several times , but I still want to go there again with my classmates .
The best film
I am a fan club film that are called High School musical fans .
The high school musical is the best film I have ever seen in the world .
When you see the thriller , you can stop looking for it and you will immediately want to see the film .
its a movement that all people could see .
I guess I find it exciting , because I love all films like this .
This is about a group of people who go to secondary school , this school its not like every other school , its different , because you a lot of activity 's like basketball , theater , etc .
I think that people would want to see it because when you see it , you can stop and you get a lot of music , song and people dancing .
In my opinion , it 's the best film I saw in my life , and if you have the opportunity to watch , do it .
The reason why fox hunting is banned is because it is a cruel sport .
There are many people trying to stop the sport taking place .
The reason why people killing and hunting foxes is because they kill the chickens and because they enjoy the social side of the sport .
Nowadays , I am sure a farmer can come up with some idea to prevent the fox getting at his chickens ,
If they did this , then there would not be a need to kill foxes and go on a hunt .
When hunting take place , other wildlife are harmed , like the foxes .
Some homes of animals may be destroyed and some immersed animals may be harmed .
When the fox is caught it is said that he suffered a horrible death and , if this continues , it would be unfair .
Many people have no problems with foxes and a hunt should not be included as a sport , as it will be no fun to experience .
If fewer foxes are killed , it will mean that there will be fewer rabbits around to destroy the crops , so this may be of benefit to a lot farmers and this is not cruel , it is just a way of life .
Fox hunting is a horrible sport as a fox is hunted by a pack of dog 's and men 's on horseback .
The fox is next chased until it is caught .
thinking about this is very upsetting and most people would be relaxed if fox hunting was banned .
Foxes have as much light in this world as we do and I am sure we can deal with the situation differently .
I am glad nobody wants to do what a fox goes through in a hunt , so I do not know why we should put foxes through it .
And if foxes are unable and harm farm animals , there is not any danger in banning the sport .
The reason for fox hunting should continue is that it keeps the amount of fox down and is not causing a change in the food industry .
Foxes are not required to keep down the rabbit population as farmers are able to use poisons to kill off rabbits .
If you ban fox hunting it means that the protesting will have won and that will give them an incentive to protest .
Few people enjoy sport and allow them to socialise .
I myself believe that the fox hunting should be banned as it is very cruel .
Another reason why it should not be banned is because foxes give chickens a cruel death when they kill them .
If they decide they should continue the sport , because they need to kill foxies , the sport should be banned and , a more reasonable death should be considered .
REPORT
This report would deal with the issue of whether cars should be ignored in the centres of all major cities .
An increase in the number of cars has happened in the last decade .
Too Many cars running around can be a serious problem to deal with .
But , what do we do to make up ?
Here are some of the pros and cons :
Pros
First , there would be less noise in the streets .
Especially in Spain where city centres are usually quite narrow .
Second , there would be less air pollution .
It was proved that too much smog in the atmosphere would be harmful to our health .
Third , cities would be friendlier to live in .
Places where people can enjoy walking around .
Cons
Firstly , local sales jobs could be damaged in that area because they could need to upload and download goods for the shops .
Moreover , people who live in that part of the city could be affected in a negative way , because they could needto pass through it in some cars so as to get home .
Therefore , it would be a good idea to do it , but we will need to balance different interests in order to do it correctly .
That is the opinion that computers will be used to use books instead in the future .
I believe that this is true , because computers are more convenient and easier to use .
The tablets are light , and you can only give it without caring about a lot of heavy books .
It is common knowledge that gadgets makes our lives easier .
But others think it 's because some people have an other opinion ,
Firstly , studies at school became simple , and students can find a lot of different information about something interesting .
i do n't know where to start .
I 'm just going to put my heart out on my computer .
That 's because I feel lonely myself .
And I do n't know exactly what I need , and I do n't know definitely what I should do .
But I understand that certainly , I need some changes in my life .
I wish that some really pleasant and enjoyable events burst into my life .
This must happen I 'm sure .
The question is How long I have to wait until then .
My patient is already finished .
I refuse to understanding and accept the fact that I ca n't afford my own luxurious life .
Yes , I was always dreaming about wealthy .
I am not a greely avaricous person .
I only want my wishes fulfilled .
I have not so many desires on my mind .
I only hope my favourite loved ones are healthy , wealthy and happy .
I wish I and my daughters were travelling a lot , we love each other and we have enough money to do anything we want .
The Single European Act of 1986 signed by the Heads of Government of the 121 Member States of the European Community and which came into force on 1st July , 1987 aims to create a single mark by the end of the year 1992 .
This major target should be attained by the removal of all fiscal , technical and medical barriers .
. This means that a merchantly or tradesmen would be able to sell their goods in any community country . An individual would be able to border and deposit the money in the banks in any member state and also work in any member state with national qualifications .
There would also be the introduction of a Europe passport and an integrated transport system .
Despite the fact that the proposals put forward to amend the Treaty of Rome come from an Englishman who is a Lord Cofield , there is widespread dissatisfaction in Britain regarding the single market , shown by frequent discussions in parliament and letters to leading national newspapers , whereas Jacques Delines , the president of the European Commission , describes the measures adopted as a mere compromise .
In accordance with Constitutional Law of Britain , The Parliament is the supreme law - making body in the United Kingdom .
Consequently , the emergence of another type of law , which is deemed to be supra - nationality , is inevitably a problem .
One of the prerogatives conferred upon Parliament is the right to do treaties .
However , these treaties are not directly effective to British individuals , so , where a treaty contains provisions giving rights and duties to an individual , it can not place reliance upon the treaty until it is substantially incorporated into the law of the United Kingdom , by an act of Parliamentary .
This acts as curbs to the enforcement of European Community law , so that , to a certain extent , a degree of sovereignty is retained .
Yet , this is n't as advantageous as it may at first appear , for there exists a general judicial presumption that Parliament did not intend to legislate , contrary to European Community Law .
Personally , I think that although the integrations of Britain into Europe will be useful in a lot of matters such as freedom of transportation and movement , work and many other situations , there are also many disadvantages in store , including the loss of sovereignck to a certain extent .
Although the British Parliament will continue to regulate the acts or omission of individuals on a personal basis , for example , in Criminal Law , their freedom to legislate in the domain of public law will be severely restricted .
Do you mean that , not only will Parliament be forced to enforce the Community Law , but any later statutes passed by the British Parliament will also be either construed in the light of Community provisions or declared invalid ?
To conclude , it is feasible to suggest that the sovereignty of Britain will be impaired in many ways , even if only within the spirit of Community Law as prevailing over national law .
In other words , the sovereignty of Britain will be safeguarded so Parliament will still reign in the United Kingdom .
The turn of the centuries has brought with it many changes that has greatly altered lives throughout the globe .
One decade in itself has introduced a new " fad " or discovery that is fixed in our minds as " typical " of the era .
The " Roar 20 's " , for example , were marked by flat skirts and the innovation of the automobile .
It could be a very capricious decade , which contrasts with the years of hunger and unemployment which marked the " Great Depression " of the 30 's .
Would we ever forget the " Fabulous Fifties " or the hippie decade of the 60s and 70s ?
For changes are inevitable , and as difficult as it may be to pinpoint any one accomplishing that has taken place over the last 100 years , as the most remarkable of the decade , there is one aspect of the 20 Century that will remain with me forever .
So , when we embark on the year 2000 , I think it is only fair to call the 20th Century " the Century of Democracy . "
That is perhaps because today is November 4th , the day after the U.S. elections .
Perhaps that 's because the former superpower of the Soviet Organization is now making its transition to democracy .
Perhaps this is because I am thousands of miles from my home , but I 'm feeling very patriotic these days .
No , I 'm not engulfed by the typical ethnocentric idealism of a citizen of the United States .
Rather , I feel patriotic , because I can view the world today and find that it is becoming a better place to live for people of all nations .
In the history of the past 2 years alone we have seen people all over the world finally take a stand for what they believe .
Just as many years ago , I remembered democratic demonstrations that caused the people of East and West Germany , to unite as one democratic superpower .
At the World Expo in Sevilla , not a month ago , I bought a chunk of what was once the Berlin Wall - the west - that was a symbol of many of the harsh realities about the Cold War .
That wall will be gone forever and I will feel lucky to be among the many who will follow its happyness .
The Soviet Union is going through its own transition to democracy as well .
A lot of unhappy people of this troubled nation finally took it upon themselves to rid their nation of its communist government .
The superpowerful among superpowers , which to me had long been a example of Marxism , is now following through on the footsteps of the rest of the world .
Since the end of the Cold War , there have been more peace relations through the world .
The idea of a nuclear war is practically unexistent today .
Arms sale have gone down so that nations may spend this money in more worthwhile areas .
In conclusion , as the turn of a century slowly approaches , I look back with a feeling of accomplishment as well as anticipation as to what lies ahead .
For a world with many scattered nations , conflict is inevitable .
But , if we all have a bond- democracy , then , maybe we can learn to understand one another , and work towards a happier world for all .
It is a well - known fact for everybody who takes holidays .
To begin with this topic , we need to ask ourselves about several matters that we had in mind .
firstly , we must be aware of our financial situation , the season we are in , the people who come with us , transport , accommodation , and places . And most important matters that we should consider when we decide to take holidays .
, Secondly , we should consider two main options : going abroad or going around our home ? .
This could have been the first question that we wondered before going on holidays .
Nowadays , due to globalization and the increased number of flights around the world , we can find a wide range of websites where the flight companies offer their services with incredibly lowly prices .
Many people decide to go abroad instead of travelling near their home .
Of course , in order to take a good trip you must also consider the accommodation , the food , etc , and depending on the place you choose , you will spend more money or less .
Another point of consideration should be the environment . If you come abroad , you can visit the best traditional monuments and historical and natural places around the world and if you live in your country , even though is sure you can see a lot of places , things you want to see are limited .
For conclusion , I think one person must consider several points when you plan a holiday trip and it depends on the person 's knowledge of where to go and how , which is to determine if a trip would be cheap or expensive .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Tomas Gercáa and I am writing regarding the advertisement which appeared in the newspaper tomorrow , about the summer camps ' jobs .
It is 25 years old and I came from Spain .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I can speak English fluently too .
In addition , as you can see on my enclosed CV , I studied Law Degree and worked for companies such as ..... and .... , at very similar jobs to those you were offering .
That is why I think that my experience and qualifications suit me very well with the requirements of this position .
Moreover I would like point out that I have been especially interested in working with people , , especially to take care of little kids and help them to be happy .
All these reasons , I am considered to be a very acceptable candidate for this position , and I would like the opportunity to come to for an interview and talk with you about this vacancy further .
My contacting data is attached to the CV , at your convenience .
I looked forward to hearing from you .
Your faithfully ,
the European Community is a grouping of 12 sovereign European States with the intention of developing close economic and political cooperation .
Its intended is to encourage greater freedom of movement for goods and also services , capital and the workforce .
The competition for trade in modern times is so great that Britain has no choice but to join Europe in orders to increase the market for its goods .
Britain has been recognised as being having a particular skill in the areas of banking and insurance .
The European market will give us the opportunity to use this ability in a far broader market .
The creation of a single European commercial will also benefit the consumer , since homogenisation standards are also in the process of being introduced , hopefully to the highest common denominator .
Europe does not only serve as a useful trade association , however , environmental problems can be tackled more effectively if the European community confronts such problems altogether .
The co - operation between communities police forces will assist in overcoming the problem of drug - smuggting and terrorism .
A common defence policy would also be beneficial , and possibly less costly , if the member states pooled their resources to such a large area .
While some loss of national sovereignty would inevitously occur ,
This single European Act was designed to speed up the the decision making of certain institutions .
The acting meant that member governments had to be commited to the greatest of co - operation and joint actions in the areas of foreign , social and environmentally friendly policy , thus leaving less room for differences of opinion among the members .
decision of the European Court of Justice already take precedence over national law , and it could be seen as an major infringement of our national soverage .
Better participation in the election of the members of the EU Parliament would help to elect the stronger ones to promote Britain 's interests in Europe .
The question is how much sovereignty is Britain prepared to lose ? And do the benefits of being in a single Europe outweigh the disadvantages ?
A significant loss of sovereignty had already been felt and in the next few years , this will increase .
Thus , as far as the immediate future is concerned , a certain loss of sovereignty is the price we need to pay for material progress .
In most of the early studies , the effect of either ocean acidification or warming was investigated at the same time .
However , in nature these stressors affect organisms combinedly and the effect could be more than the effect of a single stress disorder .
I remember the old people and how they did with their children .
It was poor . They did n't have enough money to pay for her children 's education .
All children have to help their parents .
Some parents have been adopted by other people .
The children wanted to practice education , but they did n't have enough money to pay .
Sometimes children were working in the sugar cane field or working in a shop , receiving money to feed themselves and have a lot of good people .
Nowadays , many people have changed their lifestyles .
Their lives have become like birds in the sky .
Some of those people have already achieved their life .
They haveplenty of money and their children have everything that they want and some children are very bad manners .
Their parents do n't respect them and they did not think they were good .
Some people have already given birth to a child at the aged of sixteen or marriage .
That world has already changed now .
They have good doctorates who are qualifying and great skills .
Many people developed their own country .
For use as an example , they want to attracts more and more tourists to their country .
Some children , who are eighteen years old are already leaving their homes to live along with their girlgirlfriends .
They could not remember what their parents had done for them .
People changed the style of their life .
Some of the boys like to have a new hairstyle .
As girls , they like to put a lot of accessories on them , like makeup .
They want to be given a new fashion so they can create a number for himself .
People have more skills and also better manner .
In the next 50s , people can create many electronic things , like cars and machines like televisions .
Television brings many advantages which would never be envisaged by our great grandmothers .
People would develop more model television .
Year by year , the world changes and becomes more developed .
Along ago , cars had wooden bodies , which made them extremely vulnerable in the event of a crash .
About 30 years ago , the cars had switched to steel .
today , cars are stronger , lighter and more safer than earlier designs .
It means that today people create more new features .
Television is an interested source of information . People read it every day . They have one comedy program until a quarter of century ago . Television is a studying object . If you proposed that , it is only a tool in your investigations .
If you arrive in the morning , you have a TV news . The news has a good rating . All the people need to have information about the world , day after day .
If you go on the afternoon , you have kids or young people , but the real thing that interests you in this proposal is that all the people want to see soap operas at these hours and want to watch the comedies or interesting documentaries about whatever they want .
Dear Ana ,
Yes , I am in progress studying English right now .
By coincidence , I worked in IT sphere now , therefore , I need to learn this language for daily communication with customers .
Pleasedly feel free to contact me in case of any questions .
Thanks ,
Alex
" I do n't agree .
I think the future is public transport .
Also , I think this applies to many things .
Now , we live in a shared world , where all is shared : work , development , ideas , many things .
This is a new philosophy .
The basis of this philosophy is " to share " .
This idea brings great benefits for everyone .
Is the same the case for public transport .
If we had shared public transport , public transport would have fewer cars , therefore , we would have fewer traffic and less pollution .
Everybody makes money and the familiar economy is better .
The cities become more agile and are easier for people to get to the places where they are .
These model have many advantages .
This helps solve the problem of the traditional model . Because then , traffic is bad and the time for both types of transport can grow and be horrible . It 's more comfortable and easier to move in personal transport but , if there is only one mode of transport , this is more efficient and is more comfortable for all of us .
I think the whole world would benefit : the environment , the people , family , work .. . so on .
I agree with this statement . I think the future will be like how everyone will have their own car and they wo n't need public transport .
Nowadays , everybody wants to live in a convenient environment for themselves .
So , they just buy new cars for yourself 's use .
But many people ca n't buy them .
Because , they haven't got enough money and they had material problems .
So they use public transport .
This is untouchable for poor people .
In my opinion , using public transport is not as popular than travelling by car .
Besides , public transport has a long future because a lot of people move in big cities and they do n't use cars when they move into the city . Because public transport is more comfortable , they can take the bus to the underground and , finally , arrive in anyplace they want .
but if they use a car , the world is probably late for the place that they go .
And I think if people use public transport there is less pollution and the sky in the city should be blue , instead of grey , so anybody should't said that public transport does not have a future .
Besides , a lot of people use public transport , because it does n't have a car .
Finally , nowadays people are very conscious of the environment , which it could be produced by cars , and people do n't use a car a lot , so Ithink that is n't the end of public transport .
Today we saw a lot of TV . I think that is not a great result . Due to watching more television you could become laziness .
In addition , most of these programs is stupid , good only to spend your time with me .
The reason is that a lot of people do n't want to receive bad news , but they only love being entertained .
Fortunately , not all TV channels have these programs .
There are some that are trying to invent new programs trying to educate people .
One of these is Channel 5 . During the day , you transmit some interesting programs about history and nature .
I strong believe that it 's possible to do both of the programs .
For example , for days it 's possible to mix putting together news , quiz programs , and documentaries and interviews .
If we have channel programs like these , I am sure that all Italian citizens could have a good understanding of our beautiful world .
Dear Alison
How are you doing ? I have been writing to you just to let you know your eating habits and customs in my country .
In Argentina , the most typical food are empanadas , mate and dulce de leche .
I am hundreds percent sure that everyone in This country has already tried empanami at least once .
We usually have breakfast as soon as we wake up .
Most people usually drink chocolate milk and eat biscuits at breakfast .
We also have one tea and we eat similar that in the morning . I know that for you it will sound like a weirdness ! We have lunch from twelve o'clock to dinner at around ten .
What actually makes a traditional Sunday in Argentina , it is the most common meal , the barbecue , for the whole family .
It is a custom I hope I will never fail it!.You should come to visit me and experience it by yourself . I am sure you will love it !
I hope my letter has helped you !
Nice wishes
Belu
Much of people believe that sooner or later public public transport will lose it an important role .
First of all , it is much more convenient than travelling by car .
Currently , you can use your vehicle not only to get to the office , or to reach the shopping mall , but even to go on holiday without having tostand in a queue before catching a train , a plane or a bus .
Across the river , there are lots of traffic jams , and it is quite common when you are stacked along the road .
The cost could be quite the same if you travelled by bus and other mean of transport .
Second , cars are becoming cheaper day after day , so everyone can afford to buy a vehicle , even those who are not considered to be wealthy people .
So far , public transport is considered relatively cheap , environmental right and fast .
At the same time , we can not forget that cars have such a bad impact on the quality of air and that it is one of the most important causes of pollution .
On the other hand , everyone is more or less aware , that airline companies surely have a great impact on air pollution .
Anyhow , it could be possible to travel by car and , when you arrive at a certain destination , you can choose to cycle or to walk instead of taking buses , trains , the ground or other public means of transport .
Cycling or walking might be even better than using public transport , much healthy , cheaper and faster .
We must take into even consideration the fact that the car industry has developed many new vehicles .
There are new models available now , for example . Electric cars that are environmentally - friendly and not so expensive , so everyone can buy one of them .
Specifically , I strongly believe that there is no future for public transport and that travelling by car will be day by day faster , cheaper and even environmentally less dangerous .
I thought doing sports would be healthier .
Whenever we do a sport , we feel better . Your body and our mind are good .
My favourite sport is yoga .
I go to a gym three times a week .
<unk> I love it " , because when the class finished , I felt good .
I 'm sometimes taking a walk in a forest .
I made my Santiago way 10 years ago .
But I like it very much .
I walked for 760 km .
I started in Roncesvilles and I finished at Santibefore de Compostela .
this way is so beautiful .
I meet a lot of other people in other countries , such as Brazil , Germany , Australia , and so on .
The car might be more comfortable but still more risky than a train or bus .
I would prefer to use my private car , because of the long distance between my house and the location of my company .
Michael was sitting there just wondering what should come next in his life .
Time went by , and although the answers had still not shown up to him , that was the time he decided to make things happen .
He took a bag filled with clothes and snacks . No matter what , this will be the adventure of his life ; a new beginning .
He walked outside of his home and took the very first cab he saw . "
" Nowhere " was written in bold black letters on a sign in the front window of that cab .
He started wondering whether he had any infinite choices ahead . "
Just took me to a bar " - he thought to himself , but no , that was too simple . "
Take me to the airport " - repeated in his head , but no , it 's too crazy .
" Just drive , I does n't matter where " he said to the taxi driver , whispering to his feet " I should n't run away " .
He was guilty of leaving in the very second he grabbed the cab door .
It was because of his wife ?
No .
It was because of her daughter ?
" No .
was it because of his poor - paid job .
No .
It was because he did not get the courage that he did before , before . It was selfish , and before it was incorrect .
But the question round his mind was : " Does that really matter ? " .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
It is true that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
But at the same time , they also consume much more energy than travelling by public transport .
Rather than being told , there is no future for public transport .
I think ( it is ) correct to say that there 's no future for individual auto vehicles .
Because of global warming , many countries , like Taiwan , Turkey and Germany have been starting to promote public transport in order to protect our environment .
Their government is trying to increase the price of fuel and decrease the public transport prices .
Even the government tries to make use of public transport more popular .
I thought there would still have a limited impact on our society .
The most efficient way is to promote it by yourself .
If we all start to use public transport , we can tell people what good it 's like on our planet .
I guess more people will start to do it .
SOCIAL NETWORKS
When you want to talk with your friends , to share photos or to pose for anything you want , you will have a lot of opportunities to do that : the social sites .
Currently , people use the Internet to do everything - from share information to take photos , upload videos and other useful things to get information .
So the social networks now are really extended to the internet .
Most popular social networks are Facebook , Twitter , YaOOL , Flick - R , Whatsapp , Tumblr and Ask.fm aí.o .
Let 's give Facebook as an example .
Facebook is the biggest and most used social network .
It had more than 1 billion users .
You can uses a Facebook account to text your friends , keep in touch with them , share your own memories , receive notes , update photos and videos and , of course , see what your friends post .
You can also see what 's their opinion and what 's new in politics , business and entertainment .
You can promote your own business , so your products and servers can find an easier target .
Friends have a lot of benefits , but at the same time , it can be very powerful !
Also , on the internet there are so many people who prefer they are someone else .
Now , let me tell you my " Facebook story " .
When I was an 11th year old , I had my first Facebook account .
She was so excited about it !
I felt like I have just discovered technology .
I started to post photos with myself , to share videos , to update status and to meet new people .
Then , I was thinking that it 's cooler to write on Facebook that I live in the Netherlands and work at Jack Daniel 's .
I remember that I used to answer to everybody , no matter who they were .
I talked with Romanians , Indians , Arabs and other strangers in English .
I realised I was n't in danger .
Two years later . When I was 13 years old I started to realize that my old photos , videos and statues were completely stupid and I decided , to delete all them !
I have also changed my workplace and my country . I deleted the unknown people on my " friends list " , but I made a really big mistake : I made my phone number public !
One week late , after making my phone number public , a lot of strangers called me and some of them used the previous number .
I really did n't like it !
Now , I 'm 15years old , and I think I have matured enough to use Facebook , I have learned a lot from the big mistakes I made in Facebook up until now .
I do n't accept person friend requests , I do n't know . I do n't talk to strangers , I do n't give my personal data ( especially my phone number ) and I think twice before posting something .
I think now about : What was in my mind when I was talking with strangers ?
Oh my God , I was in a really big risk !
So , I want to give you something for advice : Do n't let your kids access Facebook , if they are less than 13years old because they can be very naive and the physical rapists are everywhere , on the internet .
In my opinion , social networks could be useful if you knew how to use them , as long as you would n't let them control you .
I am dreaming .
It would seem big or not . I do n't know .
But I really want to make that come true .
My dream originated with Messi , I do n't know why , but Messi was my inspiration , maybe .
He had given me a dream of going abroad .
Then I will meet him .
Yess .
He is also my motive .
Young people tasting health and fitness
These days , there 's a great number of information available both on the Internet and on TV regarding how we need to be fit and why it 's so important to keep healthy .
Are young people aware of these facts ?
Iconsider most of them do n't pay enough care for their health and fitness , since they spend a lot of time drink alcohol and smoking .
In spirited going to the gym , they behave badly at the weekend , when they go clubbing . For example .
On the other hand , I think that there are a lot of young people who have fun without drugs and alcohol .
They also go to the gym , play sports , and they are on a healthy diet .
I think you need to be fit to be healthy .
You should go on a diet and do exercise .
If you do that , your body acts better than you expect .
Our lifestyle regret follows going to the gym to be fit but going out to drink alcohol , too .
Both are impossible .
Hey , it 's me , Satyajit .
I am a student .
I am going to appear at JEE MIN 's entrance at BHUBANESWAR , DISHS , INDIA .
I am a fun person from SRK .
I loved you Simply ...
Would you like to come ?
Wawel - Monaging Center of the old capital city
Wawel was once of the most important places in Central Europe through most intervals of time in the middle age .
It was living and leading the bravest , Polish King and Leaders during the time when Poland , once the strongest country in the world and the strongest in central Europe , was there .
Recently , Wawel is place number one in Kraków for visitors , because apart from brave history there we can find nice monuments , works of art , and , obviously , we can get a lot of interesting information on tour with a tour guide .
Apart from tourist , history of Wawel is being created as it has recently - there we can visit the cities , where the most famous leaders of Poland have been located , like Jan III Sobieski , Jízef Piásudki or Lech Kczyáski , who was the President of Poland in recent .
In conclusion Wawel is a a place worth visiting if you are planning to visit the southern Post . The revitalisation of Krakéw city is also beautiful so everything matched a good whole .
The people who are planing to watch Wawel should n't forget about the interesting place remaining around Wawel , like Sukiennice , Smoke Wawelsky and many wonderful temples - everything is no further than several hundred kilometers from Wawel .
Dear Jen ,
Last week , I went out on an educational trip , together with some students in the same class , along with my class adviser .
We used to visit the National Museum .
It was nice to see the old relics that have been preserved for a long time . preserving those relics are being used today to learn about what happened in the past .
After this trip , we take our lunch in a nearby food chain .
We enjoyed discussing the trip .
It was a day earlier , but Michael did n't know this yet .
He knew just that he had to get to work on the novel . He so desperately wanted to finish it , but had not managed to complete a single chapter so far .
he placed himself in front of the oak desk , opened his silver laptop , and stared at the white blank page of a document in front of him .
He did not know what to write , although he knew the story , the characters , the plot , the twists to the end .
He had found the complexity , essence , feeling , and every last detail of what he wanted to write .
suddenly , he felt his mind running , spiralling into the unknown , his fingers blazing over the keyboard much faster than they had ever done it before , the words were assembled , gathered , and became sentences , structured organisations with semantic meaning , and suddenly , the chapter was done .
He had no hesitation that the inspiration came from above .
He closed the writing program and , when asked whether he wanted to save the changes , he pressed " Do n't Save " as he always did after not writing anything , and then wore his jacket to go on a walk to celebrate .
He went out the door and turned on his heel , looking into his computer with a strange sensation of his stomach .
Michael closed the door and learned at that moment he had given up .
Hello my name is Rolle .
I was created by Danderyd Sjukhaus in 2000 .
I have a brother named Trogen .
He was 13 years old .
One of my favorite sports is ice hockey .
I am playing at SDE hockey .
I started playing ice hope when I was 6 years old .
I think my favorite place is Tigerbalsamhallen , where I play hockey , because I love to play hockey .
Their three words that describe me would be happiness , hockey and friendship .
I do not have a favorite movie ,
I really like movies and songs like the same thing .
I like house music and one of my favorite artists is Avici .
I do n't want to miss the partaj , because it is so funny .
Kebab 's is my favorite food .
My favorite resturant is Nicos 's pizzeria because they have the most kebab .
One of my favourite memories was when I was in New York and watched New York Ranger in Madison Square Garden .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing with regards to your request recommending some place to visit for your students .
Honestly , four hours is not much when it comes to sightseeing my city and I have always thought about it , but in the end I think I may have got a perfect way to do it .
I do not know if you have heard about our old castle .
It 's in the centre of the town , so it is very close to the hostel your stay in .
We can visit it . It is open from eight til twelve ( I checked it ) . They have wonderful exhibitions there : paintings , sculptures , something from history and it is a little bit more modern as well .
the best part is that at 1 p.m. , there will be a concert .
My friends at a school of music will be playing old instruments as acompaniament to the slideshow of old photographs from the 19th century .
I think the best thing would be if we went to go together at ten in the morning , saw some paintings for two hours , then we went for ice cream or pizza , or whatever the kids wanted to do during the break , and then went back to the castle for the show .
Later I can do whatever you would like to accomplish .
If you have any questions , just write or call me on my cellphone - 123rd 456 .
sincerely ,
Sevastian Duóniak
And when I started to think about my favourites sport , it was quite hard for me to decide , , since I 'm very keen on practising sport .
For as long as I will remember back in time , I 'm always engaged in sports .
However , if I have to choose one of them over all , riding could be considered My favourite one .
Running is one of the cheapest and easiest sports to be done anywhere and at any time .
Everything you need to do is just feeling like spending half an hour breathing fresh air and relaxing .
An issue which is increasingly being debated is whether or not fox hunting should be banned .
In Today 's society , it is an outdated and barbaric " sport " which , in my opinion , should be allowed .
In this country , animal rights have been debated in parliment and many measures have been implemented to safeguard animal welfare .
Until recently the British government has brought in legislation with respect to how animals , which should be slaughtered , should be transported .
Such measures include the time the animals spend on the road ; how much room they have , etc .
etc .
However It is still perfectly legal for a group of people to chase a fox with a pack of dogs and watch them chases the fox until it is exhausted and then gets torn apart by them .
That , apparantly , is sport .
The Government has made it illegal for dogs to attack badgers whereas it is still legal for dogs toattack foxes .
Surely this is unfair and hypocritical of the government .
It has also been illegal for two dogs to attack each other for the enjoyment of the visitors .
And if one dog has fights another , the fight will be , to some , fair .
However , it is still perfectly legal for an infinite number of dogs to attack a single fox for the enjoyment of others .
Fairy stands no chance , why is fox hunting legal whereas all other blood sports are banned .
Fox hunting is , for the most part , enjoyed by the upper - class .
To partake in it , it is expensive as you need horses , dogs , and riding equipment ( eg .
helmet , boots , etc . )
You will also need land to make it in .
It is my opinion that the conservative government will not ban fox hunting , because it will lose support and funding from its upper - class and wealthy supporters who fox hunt .
Besides , at a time when Britain had very few surviving wild animals definitely something had to be done to protect the fox .
The British government is always among the first to support the protection of wild animals in other countries ( eg . when banning whaling ) and they are very ready to attack countries who do kill wild animals ( eg ) . the destruction of habitat in the Brazilian rain forests ) .
But when it is ceasing to cease the hunting and brutal killing of a Britains few natural animals seem to turn a blind eye .
According to people who paruse in fox hunting , it is an enjoyable sport .
A sport is when two evenly matched teams or individuals partake in the game , for enjoyment or for a prize .
it could be grossly unfair to match one football team against eleven as the result would be a forewent conclusion .
if one boxer had to fight ten boxers , this would be unfair .
But matching a fox against a pack of dogs in a fight until the death is still considered a sport .
Cricket is sport , brutal chasing , killing of a fix is not for the enjoyment of the upper - class .
Famous people , such as politicians and film stars and other celebrities are ordinary people , as we are .
, People always idolised them and think that they are unusual , but they simply have extraordinary careers .
First ofall , everybody deserves to have their private life without journalists , even though he or she lives in the limelight .
Americans should be able tospend their time with children , families , friends , etc . on holidays , celebrating something .
I do n't think that it 's impossible that this kind of person has private life , because fans and society want to know everything about them and their private lives .
These people want to get in touch with their idols , contact and to meet them in reality .
To sum up , if we are famous people , we have to bear in mind that fans will admire us , and a journalist will come over us , take photos of us , and print them in the gossip magazines or the tabloids ( all that to the needs of the fans ) .
States should realise that they are in the centre of attention .
They should also choose which is more important to them - career or private life .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am keeping writing to you in order to apply for a summer camp job .
I 'm a student who is 20 years old and he loves taking care of children .
For me , this would be an incredible experience of improving my skills on helping with organisation and food cooking .
I am a girl full of energy and always keep a smile on my face .
I think I am a great candidate for the job ; If you need any further information , please do not hesiate to contact me .
I look forward to listening to from you soon .
Best wishes for Andreas .
Whenever Lucy arrived to making the transition from being a teenager to a self - assurance and determination adult , all her self - assurance vanished into the thin air .
I knew she had been a brilliant student in high school and I intended to keep on being it .
She expected to work and study , all at the same time .
She had big plans , but sometimes , you have to slow down to get them .
She was going to study journalism and to do some part - time work in the meanwhile ,
Also , she went for it : she started her career working as a cashier at a market , but , at the end of that month , reality hit her in the face .
She has started to be exhausted and her performance at university was deficient .
She needed to stop working or studying because her health was at risk . She fell asleep in class and work . Her diet was poor and her temper was disgusting .
She could only understand how disastrous her life was when she got to the limit .
Even though nobody pushed her too much , she was taking on a lot of responsibilities that she was n't able to accomplish .
' Why should you run when you 're just learning to walk ? '
Another of her friends said to her once .
' I want to decide my future and I do n't want to waste any time , ' she retorted , but was she happy ?
From then , she started to asked herself a lot of questions and doubts and her faithful companions were right .
During the week of exams she suffered from her first panic attack .
That was a signal that it was definitely the time for a change .
A friend of mine took her to a therapist , and after a few sessions , she began to catch a glimpse of what was all about .
' Success is not final . Failure is not fatal : it is the courage to continue with what counts . '
Said his therapist
It was finally the clue .
She would have to work on that all her life , though .
Her biggest challenge was to learn to accept her limits , but she would soon understand that life was about growth every day , so she 'd have to enjoy the way things were and do her best over and over again .
Hello there , my good folks in Dischan .
His name is Sigfrid Jensen , and I would like to apply as a musician in your fancy little company .
I have no education for documenting my composing ability , so I will try to make my compositions speak for themselves .
I can compose music of a standard and looping nature . This can be in whichever style you require of them . On top of these , I can also edit and Polish given audience samples to make themselves usable in various new scenarios .
If your demand for music is n't high enough , I also possess secondary abilities in market marketing , market communication and general electronic expertise .
Moreover , I can also give minor visual design skills if there needs be .
My previous work experience has been somewhat limited , all in a couple years , as musician for a small MediaMedia Company called Dischan , as well as a short period as TV and general electronics repair guy for various companies , here among B&O.
How important are you to read books in English ?
In my opinion , it is important because it improves my vocabulary and helps me to express ideas easily .
Can you tell me whether you have reading habits to learn English ?
I do n't have reading habits for learning English . In my opinion , it is a custom that I had to learn when I was a child , because I would have grown up with reading as a hobby rather than as a work of duty .
Do you think that it is difficult for them to create the habit of reading so they can learn English ?
I think that is difficult for you to create reading habits , because you wo n't like it , but I think it is possible if I practise it .
Most infant educators , psychologists , and professionals in the education world think that using storytelling early childhood education is good for their development .
But éIs it that good ?
Does storytelling have any disadvantage ?
Using storysaying is a good way to work on values and emotions , as they are too young to express themselves .
They see themselves in the main characters , and through their experience , they can learn how to act in these situations .
For instance , when the story is about fear ( an emotion which makes them feel insecure ) and ends up being good , they would have different ways to overcome their fear and feel more secure and self - confident .
Furthermore , they can follow and build up their own stories .
Their vocabularies will increase at the same time that they are working on their sociability .
In addition , they can see that every acts have consequences , they have to be responsible .
, however , there are some points that need to be considered .
Storytelling must be chosen according to the age of the pupils .
One of the reasons storytelling may not works is because some teachers expect more than their pupils could do .
Moreover , if their story becomes too long or dull , they will quickly lose concentration and make their classmates lose it , too .
To sum up , we must take advantage of storytelling to consolidate concepts , value and emotions and let the imagination go .
I live in one of the biggest city in the country .
People who live in our city generally faces transportation problems .
Instead of long terms solutions , local audiovisual communities focus on short - term solutions .
public transportation vehicles can be increased .
The new form of public transport must be supported by the governments .
People should be convinced to use public transporters .
The human brain is the most powerful computer known to man and yet it is small and light .
It is the control centre of a body and can instruct it to move freely in and around its surroundings . It is able to interact with other human and objects .
He has a brain that can make decisions , and it can communicate .
Pronger is the only function of the brain which computers can rival ; memory .
Some of human brain functions have been taken over by computer , like accountancy , with the invention of electronic calculators .
Besides , the whole subject of mathematics has become quicker with the invention of the electronic calculator .
Despite this , the project has not changed electronics . It has only solved a few math puzzles .
Most of the theories used days ago were hypothesised and proven before the invention of the caution .
Computers , however have almost unimaginable accuracy .
The most high - precision engineering projects undertaken today use computers and laser technology to make parts accurate to thirty - millimeters tall .
Computers are broadly used in the modern - day world , but in almost every case it is only an aide to the brain .
Humans still have to tell the computer what to do .
The human is still in charge .
The human brain is , in no way , made redundant by the invention of the computer and I think that it will be a long time before technology is discovered to have made a electronic machine which will compete with the brain to achieve one of its functions , never mind all of which the human brain is capable of doing .
Hello , Tara .
You are starting an amazing project in your life .
I 've known it will be really difficult to start , but then it started being easier .
You should start by asking your teacher and your schoolmates if they want to be part of that .
They will probably say yes .
To get together you must decide what to do .
I was at my school and I got it and it resulted .
We started by creating rules to respect the environment ... I do n't want to tell you more ideas because it is important to be original ,
Good luck !
Joío
If cars ' ownership continues to increase at such a rapid rate , then roads will become completely congested .
This is the main problem facing the UK 's transport system .
Their reasons for this are many and varied .
People of today want more freedom to have more disposable income , both of which will lead to an increasing in car ownership .
Many people also felt it was unsafe to go for walking or to use public transport to get to place else , and mothers who would have wallowed in school when they were young insist on ferrying their children to school , as they believe , correctly or not , that there were too many child - abducters around to be safe for children to get on the streets .
These views are supported by cases like the James Bulger case , and the Fred and Mary West case which have very high publicity and cause increasing public awareness of the people on the streets today .
People also use cars because they are more convenient than public transport , as they can travel whenever they wish , and they can travel " door - to - door " instead of having to walk to bus stops and stops .
The enormous levels of vehicles on the roads have meant that using a bicycle to travel has become unacceptable to many people , due to the danger and also to the levels of pollution of cars in the streets .
Rail travelling has seen declining popularity in recent years , due to its immense popular car .
Someone may not take trains because of seemingly unreliable services .
Train also failed to offer the freedom of choice available with cars , as passengers are tied to the timeters and locations of railway stations .
I agree that the government should help Britain with transport by aiming to decrease the amount of car useage and increase the usage of buses , trains and other forms of public transport .
The government should do this by investing more money into public transport , rather than into road improvements such as the widening of the motorways .
An increased investment will lead to more attractive public transport , with more services on timetables , lower rates and fewer delays .
These factors may make peopleconvert people who want to travel to work or school and use buses or trains instead .
That would lead to less - congested roads , which could thus be used efficiently by people with no other options , and a less - polluted environment for all of whom live in .
This is cause public transport has less pollution than personal car utility .
Scientists believed that it may not be safe to eat beef .
Various years ago , the disease BSE , or ' Mad Cow Disease ' , became quite commonplace amongst cattle .
This disease incurs a mental damage , where the cow can not think about it , and slowly dies .
BSE is known to cross the animal barriers . Several sheep have a similar diseases after eating feed made from reminders of dead , meatstripped cows .
Right now , scientists fear that it has crossed the boundary between cows and humans , as there are more and more cases of Creutzfeld Jacob Disease ( CZD ) appearing more frequently .
There is , as of yet , doubt about a cure for this disease , and the only way human people could contract it would be by eating beef products .
This clearly has put a lot of people off beforehand , as the press also has coverage of inefficient quality - control by the government , and the fact that this has been going on for years is worrying .
The disease can take up to fifteen - 20years to become evident in humans , so even if people gave up beef today , they would have a possibility of getting CJB .
However , giving up the products now will reduce the chances of being crippled by this disease in the future .
But if a lot of people did give up beef products , this would have had effects on the agricultural industry .
Cartel farmers will be particularly hard hit if no - one wants to buy their meat .
It could affect other animals being sold for meat , too ; more people will need to buy meat from sheep and pigs and so on so they can still eat a similar amount of meat .
The whole episode may have sent the price of beef down so people would buy the beef and take the risk ( who must be tiny ) , rather than forking out for more expensive meat products .
If no - one wanted to eat beef then cows would only be bread with their own milk , which means there would be less cows in the future if possible .
If cows are no longer requested by the public for food , some embattoir workers may lose their jobs . Several butchers , to whom the money from beef products is a considerable percentage of their income , may be hit hard by this .
The politicians still say that it is safe , and that they will continue to eat beef .
Although a lot of these people are old , and by the time the disease have developed in them , it wo n't really be a result of a premature death .
For us young people , is the risk too great ?
I hav't stopped eating it .
I am a mother tongue Italia final year student in Linguistic media at the university of Rome .
English , French and German are languages I am more confident with , but I also speak a little bit of Russian and Finnish .
My degree course is primarily focused on foreign languages and cultural , anthropology and linguistic skills .
Currently , I am an Italian teacher for foreigners , but I 've also translated Philosophy lyrics and Curriculum Vitae from Italian into English and vice versa .
With no future for public transport in my country , Yes , it is actually overcrowded everywhere besides the pollution , because of the huge number all over the city and do n't forget the rising price of petrol products . Nowadays , travelling by car is more convenient , safer and cheaper .
" Dear Sir or Madam , "
I write to you with regard to the job vacancy entitled " USA Summer Camps " advertised on the website Monsters .
After reading the requirement carefully , I believe that my skills are suitable to apply for this position .
I have ten years of experience working with children as a coach in a tennis club .
I love it and I would like to keep on developing my professional career for this project .
I consider myself a very enthusiastic , motivated and helpful person and I would love to be part of you company as an instructor in this summer camp .
Currently , I am studying MA ChildCare due to my interest in developing my professional career in that field .
I look forward to heard from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Domenica Casado
I wake up at 4:00 am every day , and start to work at 5:30am .
Becuase I finished work at 3:30pm , After work , I needed to go to school .. and finished at 8:45pm . So after I got back home , I just took a shower , And had a little talk with my boyfriend . Then I got a bed at 11:00pm .
Sometimes , we watch film together if we have the day off .
During the seasons , we play basketball with friends once a month .
Sometimes , We go bowling if all of our friends is free at night .
" SEven " can be categorized as a episode and police film based on the various crimes that occurred during the movie . People think it 's a moving gripping thing .
The leading characters were interpreted by Mason Freeman and Brad Pitt , and one of the most highly regarded fact was that in total , the film grossed more than 330 million euros in 1995 when it premiered .
It will be directed by David Fincher who has also been in charge of " the Curious Case of Benjam in Button " and it is a Paramount production .
The film nitrates a series of murders that are related to the seven deadly sin - outs ( lust , pride , wrath , laziness , greedy , gluttonyá,made by a psychopath who left a mark on each victim to show the sin for which he had been killed .
It leads to the search of two policemen who try to fit perfectly well all the pieces of the crime , but it is going to be more difficult that they expected .
I think that this film is fast - moving and spinning chilling . I found it astonishing . I freely appreciated that no way is there a happy ending and there are unpleasant scenes due to some murder scenes .
If youlike mystery films , I strongly recommend it .
I sincerely hope this review convinces the readers to watch the film .
Dear Joe ,
Thanks for your letter .
I 'm very glad you have thought about visit my country .
I am sure you will like it .
I can also give you some tips on how to travel , depending on what you would like to do .
If you like museums , galleries or architecture , I would recommend you to visit some of our beautiful cities , like Wroclaw , Kraker , Poznan and Gdansk , and of course our capital Warsaw .
Apart from that , if u prefer nature and physical activity , you should think about going to our mountains - Sudtty or Karpaty - or to Mazuria region that is full of lakes .
You may combine this as well .
For exit , you may go by plane to Warsaw , or visit the city , then go on a trip to the north that includes our seas - which , unfortunately , are n't the worst and pretty sea in the world .
To be honest , you could skip them without hesitating .
But our lakes are really worth visiting .
There are many opportunities to spend your free time there .
You could go horse - riding , go swimming , kate - surfing , fishing , etc .
Next , we met in Wroclaw .
I would like to tell you about the city .
Then , I would take you to the mountains .
You can finish your trip in Krakow , and then look for a job there or in Warsaw .
There are two big cities , with a lot of students , and many job offers available .
As you speak Polish very little , it can also be the easiest way to find an appropriate work for you : for an English - speaking company .
I truly believe Poland is a really good place for you .
The landscape is beautiful , and the people are very friendly to us .
So let me know whether you need any more help .
Look forward to hearing from you anytime soon .
Good regards ,
Ewa
The 0th Century Invention has had one of the most radical effects on people 's lives , which is the television .
During the 1950 's , America witnessed the beginnns of a cultural revolution .
An era of Populuxe instigated a ' must - have ' ideology in the nation , and the most important ' must - have ' was probably , of course , television .
Our presence on television has brought about several crucial trends in our culture : mass culturrization of various groups , commercialization of our lifestyles and rapidity and breathlessness in the information that reaches us .
Gathering around the tube , the American family studied the ' ideal ' way of life .
But the picture of perfection was same in every home .
We all receive the same information .
In the video , we all saw the same families , The Cleavers and The Andersons , etc . talking about how they should behave .
My mother was always beautiful , my father knew best , and our children had cute , silly , harmless problems .
As a result of that omniscient picture , another farmer in Iowa had an idea of what his family in New York was consistent with .
The people of N.Y. saw Green Acres .
Today , there is a similar trend .
For white people , the Ghetto 's life is only slightly less of a mystery .
The examples on television are blown - up , exaggerated , but people have a general idea of different lifestyles .
Instead of having several small , isolated cultures , the United States is moving towards mass culturalization
The presence of another reality in our homes is one major part of the reason .
Another impact of television on people 's livesis the commercialization of their lives .
Also , advertisements , which originally served only to inform people of their purchasing options , have developed into an art form .
15 second blocks of our time are sold for millions of dollars and , as a result , the American population is made to laugh , to cry , and often times to buy a product .
Finally and perhaps most importantly the citizens of America have experienced , with the advent of television , a great increase in the amount of information they receive , as well as in the time it takes to reach them .
A hundred years ago , different sections of the country were isolated from the world , and separated by the time it takes to mail a letter and print a newspaper story .
Today, we know within seconds , or in the case of the space - shuttle challenge explosion , we know life - immediately .
This abundance of information has led to a drastic change in people ' ability to react to major events .
Their view of the world is different ; it 's closer , it 's in our living rooms .
a good example of this is the reaction to the Vietnam War .
The wars were indeed unpopular with , or from , television .
But with the reality of what we saw , the casualty counts , the bloody children under the American flag , did much to improve the negative aspects of war .
Over all , television has caused a radical change in our life .
We are opposed to manipulation as well as stimulation .
Television a powerful and dangerous tool .
It can greatly influence and improve our lives , but it is very important to be aware of the fact that it is a manipulator .
We must watch what we watch .
I do n't agree with the statement saying there is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Whenever you decide to travel by car , it 's certain that you feel independent , you will be able to stop whenever you need you , you can set off when you are ready and that is why favourite travel by car is said to be convenient .
However , there are sometimes more important things that make people feel comfortable when travelling like money . Travelling by car is expensive , because of the limited natural resources and petrol costs .
Although there are some places in the entire world where car users do not complain about the price of petrol , there are also many more areas where people exchange driving cars for commuting or riding a bike as they ca n't afford to own a car .
Nowadays , we are much more aware of the environment .
Therefore , we know that using a car is harmful for the environment . We are advised to take public means of transport to avoid travelling alone as it means less exhaust per passenger .
Furthermore , in multiple countries there is a public transport festival , when people celebrate by travelling free on public transport and they are asked to leave their private car in the garage .
To sum up , in my opinion public transport will remain as it was for a while as long as the scientists do n't discover new natural resources for petrol or inventory a cheap equivalent to charge car with .
itself , we do not care about the environment in China , but only care about the environmental in or around our own house .
We put all kinds of housing waste into the same basket , and the cleaners will collect it .
Sometimes , there will be a odor remain , as the basket is indoors .
We do not care about the air , even though the air pollution is very serious in some parts of China .
We have only chosen a way which is convenient but can have a negative effect on our living environment .
Dear Jo ,
Spain has many beautiful places you ought to see .
I think you should starting off in Madrid , because we could meet , I 'd show you around .
You will go to all the tourist places and you 'll get to try a lot of delicious food .
Then you must visit Barcelona , it 's a truly beautiful city with many must - watch places , like the Sagrada Familia . Also , you 'd be able to go to the beach to relax .
From there on I think you can go along the coast and visit cities such as Valencia , Cartagena or Mélaga during the summer and leave inland cities in the autumn .
As for workings here , well , it 's not going to be easy . We 're having difficulties with that , but I guess you could not find a part - time job at a restaurant or something , I could help you with sending down your CV and all of that .
In addition , if everything fails , we can always ask my aunt if she owns a small shop in the city centre and she would be more than happy to have someone help her out .
Go see you soon
" Sam "
Hi Jo ,
in my country , there are a lot of opportunity to work and to have fun .
japan is an enormous country , full of culture and opportunities .
For example I live at Jesolo near Venice . Here are the business companies and other hotels , and other firms . If you want you can also do a tourism guide .
From travelling , in my viewpoint , I think taht the best thing to do is to go to the bottom of Italy and visit all the amazing cities in these countries ; Florense , Milan , Genoa , Rome , Venice .
There are also a lot of other courses and activities available to do .
There are a lot of opportunities , too , with universities .
Venice and Padova are the most important cities for learning .
It 's a great idea .
I hope I can see you soon , and I hope to be useful for your decision .
As you might have already noticed , Warsaw is a beautiful and a big city .
It was really hard to choose one place that you just had to visit .
Obviously this largely depends on your interests .
If you want to get to Warsaw from the historical side , I recommend visiting the Old Town and
Royal Castle .
It would be helpful to you if you asked for a guide .
Honestly , I think it is very educational , but a bit boring .
As young students I am sure that , you will definitely appreciate something less educational , but more interesting .
Your must - visit place is The National Stadium .
I was there a lot and trust me - there is a lot to see there .
It was specially built for EURO 2012 .
We were the host country , so we had to make as much effort as we could .
The first thing which attracts our attention is an interesting architecture .
It is red and white ; it refers to Poland 's flag - basketball .
The studio is also equipped with a heated pitch , training floor , faáade lighting , and underground parking .
There is even a railway station , situated on the opposite side , which was built on the same scale as the stadium .
When you arrive there , you will not be disappointed .
There are trips with a guide to where you will hear stories on the Stadium , which , in my opinion , is very interesting .
You could also visit changing rooms where football players prepare for matches .
It is a multipurpose venue able to hold not only sporting events , , but also concerts , cultural events , and conference trips .
I very much recommend visiting this place .
It will be a lovely and fascinating trip .
It would also be a great winda fall for all football lovers .
You will not forget that , I promised .
Life changes could be possible in the future , because actually , a new means of life will be appearing due to technology advantages .
when I look back , I realised teenagers are different , they are looking for different things for their life .
For example , when I was young , all students studied for several years to become experts and get good jobs .
Now teenagers study only for a few years because they want to get a job quickly .
Everyone around me is changing quickly ; education , way of life . Whoever thinks technology , I think all that will make a change in the future .
I am looking forward to seeing this change and I hope it will be as good as I expect . Apart from that , I hope a big change in the health service will be made quickly .
With its economic development , a growing number of much - needed buildings are taking the place of the area of farmland , forest and wetland .
As far as my opinion is concerned , this phenomenon does more harm to the citizens of Animal Affairs than good .
First , the large - scale buildings bring various kinds of pollution .
Their process of building produces a large amount of merry as well as noise , which disturbs the life they inherit around them .
At the same time , the glass covering the surface of his skysrcaper does reflect dazzling lights .
Besides , the destruction of habitat spreads the extinction of wildings and reduces the diversity of species .
Withno more trees or glasses to freshen the air , air pollution will be more serious .
What 's more , building housing much more than needed is a waste of society resources .
To solve these problems , steps should be taken by the government .
Firstly , measures should be taken to protect the area of farmland , forest and wetland .
Individuals should be promised to own the least needed afforesting areas .
What is more , the government should encouraged investing into environment - friendly projects , instead of housing .
The last thing that
Presenting
In regard to a recent radio discussion about the positive and negative aspects of receiving presents , such as luxuries , homemade items or different life experiences , the decision is open to debate .
Also , I strongly believe that people should receive gifts at any time , whether it is for Christmas , birds or just because you want to demonstrate to others how much you care for them .
Life experiences are known for being the best kind of present nowadays , as people finally understood the importance of memories for our lives , instead of just collecting luxuries , clothes or photographs .
Moreover , from my point of view , apart from having an amazing opportunity to receiving this type of gift , you are able as well to share them with the people you love the most .
Actually , I do not find any disadvantage in this type of present .
Nevertheless , homemade items are extremely agreeable to receive too .
Not only are they made with true love , but they are also made , generally , with recycling products such as glass , plastic and even wood .
The main advantage is the fact that , like it was said before , the item was probably made with passion .
Whilst the person who receives presents may not be like that at all .
That 's the main disadvantage .
Those ideas have led me to my conclusion : the best present for receiving are experiences , as you will always remember them , sharing them with your family and acquaintances .
My teaching philosophy changed considerably , when I finished this course that was based on theories in second language acquisitions .
Until now , my beliefs in teaching English have focused on the following opinion : ( i ) Children should be familiarity with English as early as possible ( ii ) , the teacher should give students motivation , so that they can achieve their goal in learning language ( i i ii ) , teachers must be good monitors in class ( iv ) , and teachers must work well to communicate with students .
Their beliefs helped me feel more confident to become an English teacher in the future .
First of all , parents should let their children learn English earlier .
My first mixture is that adults will acquire second languages better than children .
By reading about child language acquisition by SLA , I have learned that the period in which people can acquire the second best language is in childhood ( McLaughs , 1978a , as cited in Gass and Selinker , 2008 , p.123 ) .
Also , children aged between 5 and 9 can acquire second languages naturally , and do not need special methods of teaching .
Children have a better philosophy than adults , and they display a morphological sensitivity that adults can not .
However the older learners would be successful in second language ( L2 ) syntax .
Patkomski ( 1980 ) finds that learners who learned L2 after the age of puberty received lower proficiency scores than learners who started studying L2 before puberty .
Therefore , in the future , I would encourage everyone to let their children make an acquaintance with English as early as possible to help themselves and their children have a similar accent as native speakers have .
If I have a chance to teach children , I will create an active air with various activities , which focus on communications skills and give students opportunities to show off with authentic input such as cartoons , music , etc .
Secondly , the teacher should inspire students ' motivation by raising students ' awareness of learning so that they can achieve their target goals of learning language when I am in grade ten . I did not have the desire to learn English because of my parents ' obligation .
Consequently , my results do not meet my goal as my parents expected .
Until I met my parents through a tutor invited by , I passed the exam to get a high score , and I have motivation to improve my skills .
I want to become an English teacher .
Motivation was the second most important factor in the SLA , that makes students achieve on learning L2 ( Skehan,1989 , as cited in Gass and Selinker , 2010 , p.426 ) .
Students can use their whole life to do whatever they are interested in , and they will never get bored .
The more motivated one has been to learn a language , the more successful students will be .
It is really the long - term project that students should do to improve their proficiency in second languages .
It needs to observe a number of comprehensible input , and do many tasks to reach their goal .
As a teacher , I am making an effort to increase students ' frequency because of the changes overnight in Dárnyei and Otté( 1998 ; and detailed in Dérnyei , 2000 and 2001a , as cited in Gass and Selinker , 2008 , p.428 ) .
Thirdly , a nice teacher is the one that can conduct all kinds of activities well - organized in class .
For example , when I teach Grammar , I have to define how much the structure that I can teach in a lesson is enough . And , with some difficult grammar rules , I need to change it to teach myself .
Learners need time to memorize the new rule and acquire it in their learned system .
Since teaching is a rule , I have asked my students to work in pairs and to communicate using the new structure based on my cue cards .
When they are working , I can hear their conversation and know not only what they say but also what they say too , so I can tell whether they have acquired the rules or they just use their learned knowledge .
Finally , interaction is also an interesting theory .
Gass ( 2003 ) found that " language learning is stimulated by the communication of pressure and by the relationship between communication and acquisition and mechanisms " .
Therefore , I will teach my students only English . I will let them have a chance to communicate with another one through tasks that I did with them in class . Then I will get around the classroom and correct mistakes by them in negotiation , recasts or feedback .
When observing their dialogue , if they make mistakes , I will take note and after they finished their practise , I will correct them .
I advise interrupting their speech because they do not respect me .
On top of that , if I always correct mistakes , my students will lost their confidence and they would not like to practice anymore .
This is my philosophy regarding foreign language teaching .
Those my beliefs helped me examine what I will do in the future when I become a teacher in English .
This course will widen my knowledge very much through the theories in SLA books .
I think that students in schools of foreign - language education should learn this course to have a a better philosophy of teaching .
The aim of dairies is to describe how my town takes good care of the environment and what people do with respect to the issue .
Firstly , I am going to talk about what my town is doing .
The town is generally clean , thanks to the clean services .
Every night , roads are cleaned and the rubbish is frequently collected during the day .
Even if clean service is very efficient , people do n't usually care about the environment .
They throw their wrappers away on the ground .
Additionally , citizens do n't really worry about where they live .
town has implemented a programme to solve this problem by promoting prizes to someone who takes action against these types of bad behavior .
The result of this new policy , the town is now even more attractive and cleaner than in the past .
Residents changed their bad habits and the image of the town had improved .
In conclusion , thanks to the new life method , tourists have been more attracted to it and the town has reduced the cost of cleaning .
The amount of money being saved is being used to build new green areas in the town .
European nations were linked together again , both in war and in peace .
Thereas countries have since been moving closer together along more institutional lines .
One such demonstration of this has was the forming of the European Community , made up of the European Coal and Stell Community , the European Atomic Energy Communities and the Europe Economic Community .
In 1987 , the European community adopted a single European Act in which the member nations committed themselves to the realisation of the single , internal european market by 1982 .
These actions have raised questions in Britain as to whether or not they would result in the loss of sovereignty to Britain .
The lifting of trade barriers between the member states will enable the free movement of trade .
This economic union will not really create a loss of sovereignty for Britain , as it will merely aid the exchange of goods throughout Europe .
, The fears are that the act will lead to decision being imposed on Britain , since an important ellement of it is the commitment to majority rule rather than the previously common practice of consensus decision making at the council of ministers .
This will result in the ability of individual nations to veto key decisions being restricted .
British sovereignty could be in danger if this union led to a European government imposing their authority on Britain .
A centralised European government will inhibit Britains 's decision - making ability .
The recent incident where the European Parliament imposed its ideals on Britain point out the authoritative Principles which it may be forced to accept if a strong central body is created .
It believed that Britain ought to halt construction on the Channel Tunnel link due to environment concerns . However , this action seemed to be an imposition on Britins sovereignty as the external body was trying to tell the country what to do .
If the European Community were to bring in a single currency , Britain could be deprive of its sovereignty , since it would lose its individual status , but more importantly , would forget about its bargaining position on the foreign exchange world .
Diary ency decisions would have to be made by a central body to which Britain would have to accept .
If a single Europe should lead to British troops fighting on behalf of Europe instead of their own nation , sovereignty could be lost .
It would mean a suprinting of a multinational force as a whole , with no real difference between the two countries . This would not be the case with the " one force , one nation " .
However , the state would still exist as an island , and people will always feel that they are British due to their roots and history .
Even if linked physically to Europe via the Channel Tunnel , Britain would still look at itself as a separate country .
I Personally believe that Britain will not lose its sovereignty if the union is based on an economical level of free trade between nations .
However , if a strong European government were created which had made important decisions for Britain , such as current crisis settlements and the revision of its foreign policy , this would mean that Britain would no longer be an independent state with power to make its own decisions , and hence would losing its sovereignty .
A picture shows the process of making notes .
First is to design the most important progess , escape from copying . Then it can be printed . when this is done .
Make sure the quality sheets are poor sheets , they will be destroyed . If there were good quality sheets , they would be packed and distributed .
The sheets consist about cutting into separate bank notes , packing and dispatching .
All of these are basic processes . What we use is the basis for it .
The Bank should make an effort to maintain security for users . Through this process , we learn to learn about the bank notes and it is just besieging our living . We will use them to buy whatever i
This graph shows data of the amount of petrol used between United States and United Kingdom .
As it is known , these countries are one of the mostly powerful regions around the world .
Firstly , the United States surveys shows that the majority of income will be spent by the poorest socioeconomic class .
Second , amounts of money used for cars has been decreased by the richest drivers .
But this patron is not the same as the other places .
In the first place , we can enjoy a percentage of capital used on gas which is raised by wealthy people who lives in the United Kingdom .
In the second place , the lowest income is reported by British citizens who are of poor socioeconomic status .
But once and for all , either the United States of America 's or the United Kingdom 's have a common patron .
According to the rich drivers , both sides are linked in the same place .
Dear Summer Camp holder :
Dear Hi !
This is Mimi .
He is an outgoing girl and enjoys being alone with people .
A couple of years ago , he was an elementary school teacher . Quitting such a nice job is due to my wish to be a nurser , but that would have been an obstacle to getting along with these cute little angels .
Thus , my belief in myself is profound in doing this job well .
By the way , I once joined a summer campus during my college life .
A actor who was as good at this job as I was at it , such as preparing meals and snacks , holding games and giving them surprises and taking good care of them and so on .
Though having to do so much would seem extremely exhausting to me , I have had both my experience and instincts and tell me that this would be a great time with a beautiful memory left of my life .
Ever hard and frustrating , I could not change my decision ; only by trying . It could a person improve and find his way in life .
Also , thank you everyone for giving me an opportunity to show myself .
If I can be your partner , that will be my greatest pleasure .
I hope everyone enjoys a nice day .
Your friends , Mimi
Dear Life Messi ,
I 'm wrote to you to persuade you with some information that you probably do n't know .
Today I would like to say that you should give more money to charity and I think you should be paid a lot less then you do now .
Okay , I would like to say that you should be paid much less than you would do now .
Because you 're getting paid about £ 330.000 per week .
So can you think of doctors and nurses . They save lives almost every day and you do not do anything just play football and have some fun with your friends .
In addition , you should be paid about £ 250 per game .
I think that is huge amount of money anyway .
In other words , I think you should give more money tocharity because they need your help .
So I would say that in the 1960s , the wage limit of money was about £ 4-<unk> 7 per week .
There took about 20 years for that wage limit to double to £ £ … 14 per week in 1980 .
When I was a kid , I was addicted to reading stories for children .
By my teens too , I used to read a lot of teen novels , so much so that my mother used to reproach me for sitting too long reading instead of doing my school job .
Lucky , I managed to do both , and I remember studying so hard that I could get a really nice chance to read whatever I wanted having my mother 's consent .
Today , I realize how reading these stories made me interested in writing .
I always wondered how you start to recognise yourself as a writer and how you have become an effective one .
Of course , a good writer must first be a good reader .
This is how I got my ambition to write .
Reasonable stories , poems , and novels intrigued me to write my own .
Reading what my fellow writers here said of their experiences as authors , what pushed them to write , What made them go on , and how it made them feel - all of that gave answers to my questions .
More than that , I found some insights into my own motives and goals as a writer .
I like the close relations between Shirley Carreira and her father , and his library .
I enjoy being intimate with my books .
I Love the feel and smell of them , and I prefer them over electronic versions all the time .
That makes you feel like you are in contact with the magic they offer .
Book draw you in as if by a spell .
Michal is a guy who is very popular ; he is very intelligent and he enjoys getting to hear history about ghost and strange things .
One day , his friend asked him to go toa cabin , because strange things were happening there . He accepted immediately .
On Saturday they were walking around the street looking for the cabin and they met in a very old cabin .
They saw a horrible ghost and he said two questions about his life but the guys said nothing . And the ghost was furious , okay , he said the second question : " How many years have I been there ? "
Michael had a nervous feeling about it , because he did not know anything about it .
Ghost told Michael he wanted to save your family or friends . He told him only one person would die .
Michael , after ten seconds , said this : " I saved my family " Michael said . " I am sorry friends " and he ran far away when Michael closed the door and knew in that moment he had made a mistake .
Though Louise was nervous , she realised that this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
That was her goal that she had dreamed about for many years .
If I make a decision , there will be no getting back . I have to think about it .
She was speaking to herself .
She could let her parents down ,
My expectants were to send him to one of the most prestigious medical universities .
Alas , she was not sure they cared for her opinions .
Due to the fact of being a humanist , science was not the industry that she was keen on .
If Louise was ever given a chance to go abroad .
She did n't mind working long hours at entertainment places or earning little money .
Her spirit was crying after leaving her own country for the United States .
She could not say if it was a Judicious feeling .
Generally , Louise was said to be an indecisive person , and these cases can be noticed , especially in such cases .
Their advantages of leaving outweigh the drawbacks .
Her parents did n't seem to be over the moon .
The girl convinced them and made them realised that there was no world 's " end " if they had chosen their own way .
Everybody is afraid of something but a lot of people are more afraid of catastrophic event than of things like cancer .
Although people are scared about these things they continue to smoke and drink alcohol .
Some of our fears are instinctive . So , we automatically respond to danger before we have even had time to think about them .
our fear makes us act instinctively . We react so quickly and we save ourselves .
This type of fear is a necessary and life - saving response .
there are different kinds of fears , for example phobias .
We experience phobias in situations which are not dangerous for our safety .
Many people have phobias , but they do n't threaten their lives every day .
Researchers say that phobias arise from negative experiences or traumas that are difficult to control , but could be prevented with the right therapy .
We know what fear is thanks to the experience and the culture .
We are born with small , basic fears but we know that things like terrorism are dangerous . Stores on TV , the internet and in the newspapers increase the risk of extraordinary events and often influencing our fears , thus leading us to worry about things that ca n't happen before us .
To best enjoy our life without being oppressed by our fears , we must be objective as we watch programs on TV , and pay more attention to what happens around us .
INTERNATIONAL SCORTS MONTHLY : Swimming
At the time , when I was younger , I used to swim and this is my favourite sport now .
When I 'm swimming , I like the sensation of flowing through the water .
My advice would is : Enjoy the water !
Enjoy your time swimming !
Just when you start to swim , you are learning a lot of new techniques . It 's like discovering a new world . I do n't swim for participation in a competition but I swim to have fun .
The constant development of computer technology created a great amount of controversy in modern times .
There is nowadays a widespread use of computers in all parts of society .
On the other hand , the one area which has drawn particular criticism , is the computer games production .
Since the early 1980 's , when computers such as the spectrum 48 K and the Commodore 64 were introduced , into the homes of millions of people , controversy has followed about their effect on children .
There is a widespread belief among parents that computer games help a child 's ability to study .
The development of more sophisticated and technologically advanced computers , such the Amiga and computer , has served to deepen the " problem " .
The growing realism of the games appeals strongly to children .
However , parents felt that children should broadening their minds by reading books and that the computer games industry is encouraging children not to learn .
Computers have been also blamed for a drop in education standards among primary school children . This belief is accentuated by the result of surveys which state that the vast majority of primary school children are unable to do simple alithmetic in their minds , and have to rely on another computer , a calculator , to help them .
Another moral dilemma that computers have created is their role in the workplace .
There are many people who fear that computers will eventually replace men in the workplace .
The role of computers are already significant in employment areas , so it is necessary for accountancy , which require a specialist to be unable to calculate and manipulate numbers .
These computers in turn have replaced humans , and such changes have sparked fears that the degree of unemployment could vastly increase as a result .
As the computers are : more efficient than humans , do not require payment for their work , are less temperamental than humans and would never have a day off because they are ill , it seems mankind has faced a great problem .
Another claim made that suggests the human brain could become useless is that computers promote anti - social behavior .
The reconciliation of the World Wide Web and the Internet has created concern that the human race will become unsociable .
The internet allows you to correspond with people all over the world and it also contains many other functions to , supposedly , make our life easier for us .
The internet also has another fundamental problem according to many .
The belief exists that the computer age and its developments , such as the Internet will remove the challenges of life .
The human brain is constantly in need of being challenged to maintain itself ; but with the introduction of the Internet , one could conduct one 's life without ever needing to leave the house which many believe will menace society .
at the moment , the existence of computers is very much dependent on the existence of humans .
Even though the artificial intelligence that a computer may be able to show is very high , it still has to rely on the human brain to program it and to use it as an operation .
Although there are plans to create computers which can programmer themselves , ( which , personally , I feel is a very dangerous idea ) the human brain still very much controls the computer and still has the capability to end the existence of computers at any given moment ; thankfully , power computers do not have over humans .
Since I have been studying in Australia compared with China , I realized there 's a significant difference between studying and English .
Formally , Chinese teachers were adopted with cramming methods and were paying attention to grammar and vocabulary .
However , in comparison , the Endemic Program ( EAP ) class encouraged independent learning and provided me more opportunities to interact and converse with classmates .
Now that I am studying EAP , I have found that time management is my weakness .
Therefore , I will discuss more about study strategies through read related resources .
Time management is a crucial factor for productive learning .
Firstly , as described by the Academic Skills Unit ( 2012 ) , the time management process can be achieved by making a " daily planner " ( p.23 ) .
So , I downloaded a daily planner and filled it with my studies plans .
Looking for this helps to complete my normal tasks more efficiently .
Further , the research by Mark ( 2006,p.25 ) also states that scattered time within a day should be utilised and made better productive .
For instance , I look for chances to talk with domestic speakers while waiting for the train , or participate actively in conversations during my breaks .
I am learning that small bits of time added together can be used very productively .
In conclusion , by researching and comparing studies , I discovered that time management is crucial to achieving productive learning .
But , to become a better learners , it is also important for students to stay focused and motivated .
In my future studies , apart from spending my time more productively , I will also make manageable short - term goals and revise my plans regularly based on my study goal .
Hello , my name is Xinawu Kam , I am nine years old this year . Today , I am going to writt about my favourite sport . My favourite sport is basketball , because playing basketball can keep us fit and fun !
I started playing basketball from grade one and now I am grade four . That means that I have been learning for three years ! My dad likes to play basketball too !
You know ? I really enjoy this sport because it is very exciting !
Whenever someone asks me which sport is the best , I say to him or her basketball is the best !
I really liked basketball and the teacher said to me that I was really , really good at it . So , I always play basketball when I have free time .
I am in my school 's basketball team , the younger ones .
I look forward to this year as I can go to an older school basketball team , ! !
I hope you will play sports like I do , because he 's really healthy for everyone .
Thanks !
After reading my article . thanks again .good bye !
Hi Mary ,
How about your life ? Mine has changed lots since the last time we stayed in touch ?
As I said , newcomers have come to the office .
We have established such a wonderful relationship , especially with one of them .
" He is very outgoing and very friendly .
He has have got a fantastic sense of humor and he always makes me laugh , so I could forget the bad times .
He has been very polite , generous , honest .
He is a creative person , as you know this is very important in our work . He always has an idea when rest ca n't think about anything .
however , he can be a bit unpleasant at times .
He 's very keen on sports , his favourite sport is basketball , like mine .
It 'd be a pleasure to be with him and really enjoy his company .
I think we fit a lot ; we have a lot of things in common , nearly we have the same likes and dislikes .
He is a talkative person , not me , but as you know I am a bit shy .
But , I do n't think it will be a problem .
It 's time to work .
Love
Krashen 's theory is one of the most known and influential acquisition theories of the seventies .
Kishen presented this theory for several years in his works .
He was clustered in his great work , The input of hypothesis : issues and implications ( 1975 ) and it can be summarized in the following hypothesis :
… the Acquisition - Learning hypothesis ,
Introduction of the Monitor hypothesis ,
<unk> the Natural Order Hypothesis ,
… the Input hypothesis
<unk> the Affective Filter hypothesis .
Acquisition Learning is perhaps the most fundamental of all the hypotheses that are being presented here .
However , it states that adults have two distinct and independent ways of developing competence in a second language .
On the one hand , we have the acquisition that , according to Krashen is an unconscious process that children have since the birth of their first language .
Languages acquirers are not usually aware of the fact that they are acquiring that language .
they are not aware about the rules , they speak without thinking that what they are saying is correct , and they do not stop thinking about the mistakes they committed because they do not think they are doing it wrongly .
Some things " sound " goofy , and others do not .
However , we have the learning process ; It implies the development of competence in second languages ,
We use the time to learn ; to refer to the conscious knowledge we have of a second language ; to be aware of rules , for example .
Some theorists say that children acquire money , but that adults can not do it ; they just learn .
but according to Krashen , the acquisition - learning process says that as adults can also acquire , the ability to pick - up languages , will not disappearing once we grow up .
However , it does not mean that adults can always achieve their native language standard , or that they will have access to the same natural " language acquisition device " that children use , it is very different .
Acquisitions are a powerful process among adults .
Actually , acquisition can not be converted in learning and , in the other way round , into learning .
The two different process of acquisitions are the most important ones , because we have to control them first , the mother language , and after that , the learning of more languages .
An application to teaching , according to this theory , could be that the optimal way language is learned is through natural communication .
For a sophomore , the best part of teaching is to create a situation where language is used in order to carry out authentic purposes .
. This will help students , children or adults to acquire language instead of learning it .
The sport makes you test your limits .
So you need to get ambitious , improper , convincing .
As for me , it 's symbolic passion .
It 's been forever that I love basketball .
No matter if I followed professionals on TVs or watched the students on the basketball court in school - the fascinations always caught me instantly .
When I was 7 hours old , my father used to motivation me .
If I score 10 times in a row from the same point , he takes me to a kiosk and lets me choose as many sweets as I manage to eat .
Of course , I could n't do it .
I did n't give up , though .
After many weeks of training and countless frustrating moments , my precision improved .
My father was stunned .
He could n't believe , that a young boy like me was able to hit so many things .
The next day , I was rewarded with the promised sweets .
Even though it 's ten years later , my enthusiasms have n't changed .
1 . The Scarlet letter box is one of the most recognizable symbols of England
2 . There is no doubt that the younger person wants to be a white - collar worker .
3 . all my neighbours want to vote for the Greens .
4 . I watched the amazing crimson sunset yesterday
5 .
He spent his holidays near turquoise sea .
6 .
My friend was against the Reds and it was one of the reasons why he left his country .
7th .
She is in a brutal mood because she lost her job .
8 .
Honey , which I bought on the market near my home , has amber tints .
10 . That old lady looks a bit green .
Introduction
First of all , this report is concerned by how much your shopping time is spent in Albacete .
Albacete is too easy to walk around the city center where you can come across most of the shops .
Suggestions
At a commercial area , you can find two smaller shopping centers .
Every group has one main street in front of them and the others .
These two are not very big , however , they are two or three small shops , they 're really original .
In contrast , I will mention two large shopping centers in my city ,
All of those are on the outskirts and they are :
- Eroski , where you can find a lot of different shops .
Most of them give in the city centre too .
- El Corte Inglás , where you can purchase a lot of different brands on its 5 floors .
Conclusion
From my view , the city center is more attractive than the shopping center .
It is a little bit stressful for me . In contrast , I prefer a relaxing walk to looking in shop windows rather than in an indoor shopping centre .
, but it depends on how addicted you are .
Hi Dan
thank you for your letter .
How are things ?
My heart is fine .
Would you mind going with me this Saturday ?
Last Saturday , it was the birthday of my mom .
Yesterday I bought her a new television , and she got old one . It was horrible .
This evening , I am inviting her to the cinema .
We watch Spiderman and then we go to Burger King because we like it ; however , I does n't like it , but there 's no accounting for the taste .
Transit is an important activity in any country .
The advent of technology has been bringing about drastic changes in means of transportation from time to time .
At The same time , public transport has become a important means of development of any nation as nations move towards globalization .
Public transportation has been playing very important roles in transporting people from one place to the other .
The buyback and marketing of cars have been reducing the role of Public transport .
Cars have become accessible to everyone .
People prefer cars to public transport .
This trend is very dangerous to the world .
That would raise air pollution .
Burning fossil fuel would increase and this would increase air pollution .
Public Transportation could be more attractive and cost - effective .
Governments ought to encourage people to use public transportation .
People should come forward to prefer public transport to own vehicles .
The main problem of the United Kingdom is BSE , or as it is so - called " Maid Cow Diseases " .
It had been discovered that the disease could be transmitted by humans due to the consumption of infected beef .
beef production is a fairly large business in the U.K and it was necessary to discover more about this relatively new disease .
It was covered that British farmers were to blame , because of their various industrial techniques .
The disease , originally , was carried by chickens .
When farmers kill the chickens for their meats , the remains ( bone and organs ) are processed to provide clean feed products .
Unfortunately , the diseases from carrying the organs have not just fed back to chickens but also to cows as well .
The cows contracted the disease ( in a slightly different form ) , and this was when " BSE " first came about .
The correct things to do would be to destroy infected cows , which would bring an end to a possibly life - threatening situation .
However , the farmers have money involved and have not .
When the infected cows are slaughtered from beef , their remains are processed and fed back to other cattle . These spread the disease further .
Unfortunately , unlike the chickens , the cattle were only able to pass this disease on to humans in their beef .
Similar industrialized techniques are still used today , and with People in the UK becoming aware of facts and more health concise , sales of beef have decreased .
It is difficult to learn that you have contracted the disease for up to seven years .
So , some attitudes from the public are , " Why should I stop eating beef when I might already have BSE ? " .
Another public attitudes is to ignore warnings , as there have not been any victims .
But it appears that the most popular option is to be safe and not to ban beef entirely .
But it seems that most families have opted for chicken , pork or lamb as an alternative .
It might have devastating effects on the agricultural industry as well .
Whether it is a point where there is a sufficient demand for supply outweigh demand , farmers will produce less beef and make less money .
it is , therefore , conceivable to think that farmers would change from pork to an alternative product .
In the morning , the doorbell rang when I was staying home and thinking about my lost little pet cat .
If you knew about my pet cat , you would n't be surprised by my love for him .
Its name was Timoshka and it was n't as ordinary as other cats .
He was very intelligent and could understand my words .
always knew my voice and my mood .
If I remember correctly , I found him there while he was sitting next to my house on the street .
He was so dirty that I could n't see him in the darkness .
His green attention was shining there .
I gave him pity and took this one into my house .
After having a bath , he changed into the white kitten like a snowboarding ball .
Well , I came into my door and opened it .
There was a little girl living near me .
She was holding something little and dirty .
To my big surprise , this was a cat !
That cat was mine !
How happy I was !
The topic of environmental conservation and prevention from pollution is very keen not only in my city , but around the whole country .
Many people worry about enhancing of productive waste and garbage in the streets and lack effective processing .
Nowadays we still use traditional methods of recycling and rubbish gathering .
one crucial point is that we have not a sorting system using type of rubbish .
We collect the wastes by bag and then throw it into the special containers that are placed in each city area .
Time to time , approximately twice a week this rubbish is unloaded into vehicles and taken away to the recycling site .
It is difficult to imagine any further process but we know exactly where plastic and rubber waste is recycled .
Regarding the other stuff , I think , it could be put into containers and dug underground for conservation .
However , there are few steps in this direction from our officials . A new recycles factory has been built in a suburb and started to function last year .
But on the contrary , many citizens complained about a lack of garbage baskets and containers on the streets E city .
Sometime we might see such pictures , like someone throwing away a litter straight to an embankment or to the sidewalk in the center of the city pollutating the streets .
Anna understood that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Less than after she got to work , where she was nothing , but a typical , underestimated office worker , Anna , had been informed that she had gone to see her boss and prepare to be eaten alive , as of the last report .
she once set foot at his office . She was surprised to hear crowds of people yelling ' Happy birthday ! ' .
People were there literally , even her husband , Adam , who was keeping their disabled daughter in her arms . '
I got a real stunner for you , Anna , ' said her boss smile like a Cheshire cat , '
Since my upcoming retirement , I was ordered to find a replacement .
He told the management that " you were the perfect choice . "
Anna was thrilled to be bit - after all these years she was going to become a manager !
And yet another surprise was about to happen .
Her skirt was pulling , out of the blue , Anna looked down and noticed her 5-year - old Daughters standing still in her disabled legs .
They were truly astonishing !
She fell on her knees with tears of joy running down her cheeks .
She felt as if she were on cloud nine .
Suddenly , her whole body had started to shake .
Adam was standing at the hospital bed , staring at her wife 's body in convulsions .
After long years in a deep coma , Anna 's family finally lost hope and chose euthanization with an aching heart .
The teenager silently shrieked and burned her head in Adam 's chest .
Shaking stopped and the long , monotonous sound confirmed that Anna had just left this world for a better place .
So , now she can just constantly holiday celebration her birthday with her beloved family .
My answer is , I strongly agree with you , that shopping is not always an enjoyable experience .
To start , standing in a queue can bring you a terrible headache .
Only ten minutes are just enough in the atmosphere and people shouting and haggling in every last penny .
Every once in a while . When you go home after shopping , it can turn out that you just bought a real pig from a pike .
The food does n't have proper freshness , especially when it comes to dairy and meat produce .
Not only do people not only ca n't afford to buy expensive products , but they also spend too much money on useless goods .
It appears that the shopping policy is very relevant with this particular matter .
It 's common to put products on special sale and hire some good - looking salespeople , so it 's almost impossible to refuse .
For instance , if you say , you can shop till you go down !
In addition , it 's not necessary to purchase anything at all .
People shop around these days again and again , in order to compare various prices , do n't they ?
It 's funny , but they always seemed to be in research into the biggest bargain of their lives .
There is no doubt that browsing at the mall and not buying can be as tiring as breaking a bank .
Introducing a paper
A supplier chain involves the management and information provider of many areas at a company , it goes since the selection of raw materials , the processing of raw materials into finished goods , and transportation of that finished goods or products to end in the customer 's mind .
The main parts are the suppliers , production and distribution .
An important task is to find information provided in each area , in order to create a logical connection between the main parts of this site to approach the objective of selling a good quality product with a reduction in cost and time .
The definition is the establishment of a standardized process that requires the same technique to be applied to the production of certain activities or functions .
This method is already implemented with the required parameters .
A standardised product is the result of a standardized process .
For Exxon 's production of Coco - Cola bottles in Brazil has to be the same as the production of a Cocould - Cola bottle in Australia .
A standardize product must not have big deviations in order to sell the same product to all customers .
Transport essentially contains our movement .
Cars must n't always be affordable for all sections of society .
Paul said public transport should be optimally run in accord with demand .
Government spending should be spent appropriately to ensure that the maximum benefit is done to the public .
Drive down any street in urban America and you will find young males and females , both black and white , driving Pathfinders , BMWs and Mercedes , and other luxury automobiles .
How do young people get the funds to pay for such expensive fares ?
It 's dress for Karl Kani , Pele Del Pele , Guess ? clothing .
They wear Cartier and expensive Nike footwear .
What do funds come from purchasing these fashions ?
In most cases , the answer is simple : crime .
As unfortunate as it may sound , many youths are well aware of the fact that crime pays ; and it pays well .
What alternative does an inner - city youth have for facing inescapable poverty ?
The answer becomes apparent when the person he or she is is often surrounded by criminals living in larger cities than those who are taking a more " conservative " path to financial security .
The philosophy is simple : if you want it , go get it - - at any cost .
The consequences are little , especially when one thinks of the shockingly low percentage of criminals who actually end up in yail .
The only danger that exists for a criminal comes from other criminals doing what 's theirs .
The police are no threat as they are far outraged ; it is virtually the game of chance to determine whether someone gets caught in an act of crime .
Fortunately for citizens , these odds are drastically in their favour . The public calls for more police but refuses to pay the taxes needed to hire them . .
The few police on the street are thus often left chasing criminals , as in a dog , chasing its tail .
When a victim is apprehended and in an odd circumstances is placed in jail for non - violent criminals , it is only a matter of time ( often a short amount of time ) before he or she is free to return to the wealth and comfortable life supported through burglary , mugging , dealing , or simple con games .
jail space is reserved on murders and rapists ( first as it should be ) . When a murder has been convicted and sentenced , a dealer is put back on the street .
What an average citizen imagines when he or she witnesses or hears about a non - violent crime is that there is a thugs bent on destroying society , killing babies , smoking as much weed as they can get their or her hands on , etc .
And , in reality , these criminals are merely doing a job that pays them better than any other job .
Why work at McDonald 's where you are forced to work in a hot , crumbling atmosphere , possibly with an overbearing boss who is stuck in a service job with no yen in sight , making $ 5.00 an hour and going shopping at K - Mart for clothes ?
It is obvious that crime pays .
A proof exists on every street in urban America : underprivileged youths rolling in luxury automobiles and rolling wads of money into their designer jeans .
This is less of a choice than it it is an act of taking advantage of an opportunity .
There were few alternatives for low - income youths , and fewer obstacles in the quest for cash .
With violations and financial support for more police falling , crime will continue to pay .
And if you are looking for a film about teenagers ' first love of watching on a rainy day , I recommend you watch Endless Love .
This is a remake of a 1981 franco Zeffirelli film , but regardless of an age difference , there 's a class difference .
In the film by Shana Feste , the movie shows the throats of teenage " first love " , when David , a smart , decent , blue - collar guy , who 's happy to go into business with her father as a mechanic , falls in love with " Jade , " a wealthy , sheltered , studous , and charismatic girl who plans to attend Brown College .
The class difference between their families becomes a great deal for both .
The films featured Alex Pettifer and Gabriella Wilde in the lead role .
With her handsome face and gentleman 's actitude , and her perfect quiet , we both try to live with our different lifestyles together .
They fight against everything , to protect their perseverance .
Both acts their parts perfectly but there are brilliant performances from the rest of the cast as well .
Another thing of this movie that you will love is the cinematographic effects .
The romantic scenes and the music produced the perfect atmosphere for this type of films .
Finally , the script is wonderful and lovely and touching , like David and Jade should be .
If you enjoy happy love movies , I definitely recommend that you watch Endless Love .
It is true that housing and transportation networks are very important for us . plenty of people choose to build them in the areas of forest and wetlands , which destroy the animals ' living areas and pollute the environment they live in .
In my opinion , it it is time for governments to take measures .
To begin with , the energy in the world is limited . In other words , what we eat and what we need depends on the farming and forest . If we run out of resources to build more large - scale buildings , there would finally be a desperate environment .
As for the animals , large - scale building is built . They can not live in the forests , and have to move to another place . According to the China Daily , it was published that three elephants went into the towns and ate the corpses . That is because their habitats were built into roads , and many kinds of animals had to change their living habits , adapting to what the people had done .
Many visiting boats are put into the sea . It pollutes the ocean , leading to higher death rates .
To resolve these intractable problems , governments need to take measures .
For example , education is the key to increasing people'respect ; the government can teach through the public media . The media can also allow organizations to go around the world , spread problems the areas they have destroyed . These perhaps longterm solutions , but are a more realistic solution than setting up yet another international organization .
1 of the greatest expenditures of all time , it is television .
The invention that swept the world to change leisure habits for countless millions was pioneered by the Scottish - born electrical engineer John Laige Baird .
However , it had been realised for some time that light could then be converted into electrical impulses , making it impossible to transmit such impulses to another person over a distance and then re - create them .
And now , it has become one of most important mass media .
mile of people all over the world like to watch TV in their spare time .
It encourages , educates and entertains them .
It influences the way people look at the world and makes them change their views .
TV simply helps us to relax after a hard day 's work , giving us a great variety of entertaining and musical programs .
However , there are some opinions that television is doing a lot of harm .
People begin to forget how to occupy their free time .
This prevents them from communicating with each other , from visiting friends , or relatives .
And , indeed , people are used to have hobbies . They used to go outside to introduce theatres , cinemas , and sporting events .
They read books and listened to music .
Now , all my free time is given to television .
Still , it 's not a good thing children are glued to the TV screen all day long .
They are very harmful to their health and for the development of personalities , because children prefer low - level hits , horror films or banal serials .
I am not a passionate TV viewer .
In reality , I only look at those programs that I find interesting and helpful .
I relax while watching musics , humor programs and TV games .
To my mind , all these tasks depend on the life style of people .
Nevertheless , television has obviously changed the society , and it 's probably used more than any other type of media .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
USA SUMMAR CAMPS
I am writing with regards to your recent advertisement about USA Summer Camps .
I enjoy applying and working for you too .
I am 22 years old , and have a first degree in Education from the University of Warmia and Mizury .
My first tongue is Polish ; however , I am very fluent in english , which would help me communicate with children .
Because I am also a very sociable person and good at communicating with children of all age , which I am sure will help me to establish bad relationships with them .
In addition , I do have a First Aid account , which could be very useful on this kind of camp .
As a tutor , I do have a lot of experience of helping to organize sports activities , since I have been a teacher and have used to do very similar things .
I am very knowledgs about children and what they like to do in their free time .
I am confident that I will be able to help these children to spend the time very actively .
However , he said , I am good at cooking as well . I would like to help you with cooking , if you will need any help .
I am very knowledgeable about healthy food and I often do this in my own way .
If you chose me for this job , you would be more than happy . As far as I am certain , I would be able to make a valuable contribution to your summer camps .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Angelina Chludzinska
His name is Caro Gutierrez and he is from Mexico . he is the type of person that likes being around children , helping them in their needs to make things easier for them .
On the other hand , I have the ability to manage in various sports , like swimming , basketball , volleyball , and softball .
I like to work in a clean and organized kitchen .
I would also like to have all the required kitchen tools as well as the equipment needed to prepare a meal .
I 'd enjoy working on this summer camp if you would give me the opportunity and will be looking forward to hearing from you .
Dancing your problems away
Dancing has also been my favourite sport since I was very limited .
I learned from my parents how good it feels to move your body and , perhaps , without them , I would n't be right now on a street dance crew when taking ballet lessons .
Does n't it just make everyone feel positive about dancing ?
Throughout history , dancing has been developed into an easy task and anyone can learn it .
Verent studies show that whenever you are downcast or having problems , this activity stimulates your senses and has a great impact on your body and the nervous system .
Recent advices include a healthy life , with an impact on your lifestyle .
They are highly popular sports and , furthermore , they provide a lot of benefits .
why not think about it ?
You 'll find out that every time a rapid song comes on , you 'll need to move , even though you are sitting on a chair .
Instead of standing down , you should take on the actual challenge and have fun .
The dancing is not intended for a special age group , so everyone can start it .
The only bit of advice would be to clear off the negative mood that exists in your head , forget about the setbacks , and just wind down .
You 'll enjoy yourself , as long as you do excellent things .
In truth , if you want a different kind of experience , go out and try it .
A family is a very valuable and priceless gift someone has never had .
Having a family means having everything .
The strong and special bond we have with our families , is unbreakable , and it is one powerful and magic connection that lasts forever .
Friends come and go , but your family would always be there for you .
When You 're at your worst , friends leave , they become strangers through the night and the next day they do n't even bother to say hello .
We never know for certain how many of our friends are real ones and how many just bestowed on a friendship , but there 's one thing that we can be sure of : that our family is our best friends .
Friends can not always be relied upon . They are willing to betray you and share your darkest secrets .
You can count on your family 's full support whenever you need it .
The family is where we grew up . We are thinking what love and kindness mean , the treasure that provides us with the warmth of a home .
We 'll never go to and ask strangers for help . We 'll go and ask for our mother 's or grand - mother 's wise advice because it is ( a thousand times more ) valuable .
So I believe that the infinite love that our family had for us is the most significant proof that we can never find a better best friend than our family anywhere else through the world , because , since the day of our birth , we had been lucky enough to be given the best ones ; our idealistic family .
Many teenager are jealous of famous people and argue that their life is amazing and full of entertainment , joy and fun .
But what about the prices they have to pay to have an outstanding lifestyle ?
no doubt , young people are sure that celebrities enjoy life . Most of them only dream about it .
At the same time they forget a very important thing .
Film and pop stars , political scientists , and models , are often deprived of their privacy .
More than hundred fans and paparazzi are hunting for them , and sometimes abuse their private environment even more .
Being bored by the public is the main aspect of their profession .
In addition , they have families of their own , close friends , and they have a right to their own personal pastime .
In my opinion , famous people deserve admiration because of their abilities and talents , although we should adore them , not only out of respect , as well .
Much has happening in the 20th century that has changed the way people live .
The invention that comes to mind of being the most influential , is the computer .
This invention in the late 20th century forever changed the way people live and work .
First , computers were inexpensive monsters that filled an entire room and could do only a few calculations a second .
With advancement in technology and the move towards miniaturization , the desktop computer has evolved .
These small , relatively inexpensive machines can do everything their predecessors did and much more .
Every day , new and exciting improvements are being made to enhance the performance of these tools .
THE impact of computers on the world has been great .
They have changed the way people do business and have radically altered the way the data and information are dealt with .
In short , the productivity of people have increased ten - fold .
As we move into the 21st century , this reality will become more important .
The amount of insurance that is available in the world will require the use of computers to organize and extract information which are of interest .
Our personal computer has , and will continue to play a major role in our lives .
The day is merely around the corner when every human being in the developed world will have their own PC linked by cellular modem to the databases of the world , along with other PC , and small digital assistants that will replace the printers .
We have only just began to realize the impact of this 20th century miracle .
Our imagination is limited only by
and the future of this invention looks " bright " .
The Cherepovets match factory , " FESKO " , is the leading company in a match branding industry .
It is the largest maker of matches in the post - Soviet space and Europe .
Last year , the company continued to grow , increased production and strengthened its position in the market .
The first attempt at the building The Cherepovetsk match factory was in the 1948 year , when a building of the factory on the beach of the river Yagorba began .
But a set of equipment for the matches production were not received .
The building was developed into a piped plywood plant .
The match factory was built just in 1970 .
It was meant to buy equipment for the production in Sweden , but eventually the factory was equipped with domestic positional equipment .
Then , the Cherepovetsk factory capacity was almost the worst in the industry .
General reconstruction of the company began in 1981 .
Five automatic production lines were mounted for three years , and in the end , technology modernization has been replaced by brand - new ones .
And it was the begining of an ascent into a leading position in the industry .
From 2012 onwards , FESKO is carrying out a large - scale modernization , which costs more than 200 million rubles .
fitness .
I want to write about fitness , because that 's a topic very interesting to me , because I live in a family where no one ever stops .
People usually go jogging , it 's very healthy because a heartbeat could improve if someone ran constantly at low speed .
but I know that jogging is a sport , which many people hate . Because it 's so tiring , luckily , there are infinitely sports and each of us can chose the best way for him .
I find it very useful aerobics because it 's based on physical exercise , combat music , and it 's really funny .
Unfortunately most people do n't do physical exercise seriously , because most people feel lazy , anyway . I think that the exercises should be a integral part of our lives .
Obviously , fitness also depends on diet .
The healthily you eat , the more fit you are .
that 's a big piece of advice but no one , also me , can ever give up on sweets .
Normally , people go to a gym to find and look better .
If you feel good with yourself , you enjoy life more and you even have more protection against illness .
In point , it 's for that reason that I extend the number of hours I do physical education at school .
port helps not only the body but also the mind ; it helps to vent the nerves and it makes you free .
do it for yourself . At the beginn it will be hard but in the end you 'll be satisfied .
While I was a teacher , I used to organise many groups activities .
Another example that I would like to provide was during my induction year , when I had to select and organise a company of students to represent the school on a charity campaign .
When he was selecting the band , I had to take into account each student background and motivation in order to have mixed and co - worker learning .
I used my good communication skills to explain what was necessary to accomplish the task but also , to deliver instructional materials .
I used lots of positive reinforcement to encourage everyone to participate , because they were a low - level team with low levels of motivation ; and they were never used to winning any challenge .
Whilst students are producing artwork for selling in order to raise funds , I used to supervise and monitor tasks giving feedback about accomplished ones and how they can improve themselves .
The bombing was a success , and the group was awarded the prize of the most solidarity between students within the national context .
To begin with , obviously everybody has a right to his or her own private life .
There is no doubt that nobody wants to be stalked ; it is uncomfortable and annoying .
And even a star wants to have a bit of quiet from time to time .
surely a journalist or a paparazzi can be wrong in making judgments .
If someone is a celebrity or a ordinary human being , I believe misleading gossip can ruin the life of someone .
But on the other hand , sometime big stars would n't be so famous if they were n't being chased by some paparazzi .
However , it appears to be because some people want to follow on purpose - to gain more fame of course .
A bad repute often seems to be the fastest way to bathe in a glory .
Also , some journalists deserve to earn a living and make good stories for their editors , especially if it is exclusive on some big thing .
Finally , a lack of privacy is an unpleasant price to spend in the limelight .
People are forced to living with it whether they like it or not .
I think that celebrities should not be constantly followed by journalists . But if they truly wanted their private lives to be respected , they would n't be involved in so many public scandals ; there are people who loved getting others ' attention .
A diagram exhibit the changes during the last ten years in the quantities of immigrants to Australia .
It separates nine different regions of the world .
The ones that have shown significant decreases are Europe and Asia .
Moreover , India , the east and America only have a very small decrease .
However , regions of Oceania and Africa have increased really .
Overall , a chart shows that there has been a decrease in immigration .
Nowadays there are a lot of famous people in our society who are dealing with the lack of privacy . In my opinion , they deserve to have as much privacy as possible .
They are ordinary people with the same needs as everybody else .
However , as they are famous , they receive a whole lot more attention from media and fans than we could imagine .
The vast unstoppable amount attention is usually a worse thing than a good thing .
Everybody wishes to have as much privacy as possible .
unbearable people deal with journalists when they go shopping or anywhere else .
Can you picture yourself going shopping and having a group of journalists take photos of every step you take ?
I can guarantee that none of us would appreciate a lifestyle like that .
So I can firmly state that famous people like politicians and filmstars deserve to have a private life , without journalists following them all the time .
Students finishes school at the age of 16 .
They were very young but I believe that young people should have the chance to go their own way .
To my opinion , It is a good experience for young people to leave the school at the age of 16 , because they
have a chance to get practical experience .
The people tend to look toward the dark side .
I thought there are two good reasons why I 'm going to work at the age of 16 .
First ,
Because they are young and motivated and some students are glad to finish studying .
Firstly , it is so important to learn as often as you can when you are younger .
On the other hand , they are not old enough to know what they want to do their whole lives .
I think that it is hard to get prepared for real life .
Teachers do their best .
But is that enough ?
However , the system is working and it will be hard to improve it .
Everybody has the opportunity to make their own decision .
Nowadays more and more people tend to have a healthy lifestyle .
Everybody wants to be healthy and to visit his doctor only once per year for a health evaluation .
However , living a healthy lifestyle is not easy , it needs following next steps , such as eating a healthy diet , exercise regularly , and getting enough sleep at night .
Thus , physical activity is one of the most important reasons of a healthy lifestyle .
Regular exercise is not only keeps your body physically strong , but also reduces your ability to have many health - related problems and increases tolerance to stressful situations .
It is a fact that physical exercise makes stronger our skeleton - muscle system .
Well - developed and strong vertebral muscles keeping our body in a right vertical position , so vertebral deformations will not develop and back pain wo n't occur .
Indeed , doing a special type of gym activity called " cardiol " improves blood circulation in internal organs and in the heart .
According to the citation , the risk for cardio - vascule diseases decreases .
Also , everybody knows that strong positive or negative emotions , due to certain hormonal reactions , have an impact on heart work .
In a regular individual , a heart rate and blood pressure can increase dramatically and can even cause a stroke or a heart attack .
In trained people it will increase intention of the heart contractions and stroke volume .
The heart rate will be changed slightly .
Thus , trained people have a better tolerance of stressful situations .
Food that we consume is next to the issue of a healthy lifestyle .
A healthy diet consists of balanced , RED , and unprocessed food with proper amount of calories .
Our dairy food should include enough protein , carbohydrates , fat , minerals and vitamins which are required for normal body functions .
For example , luck of protein causes muscle weakness . Luckers of vitamin A causes myopia and evening blindness .
Also , if food is not fresh or prepared properly , it can consist the of bacteria or parasites .
for example , spoiled milk products can lead to gastro - intestinal trap dysfunction , and not having proper thermal processing of seafood can causes leptospirosis .
Moreover , faster - food should not to be on the table .
Avoiding eating fast - food products , we reduce a risk factor for getting some serious diseases , such as cancer .
French fries are only one example .
Fries are usually cooked in a large amount of oil which boils for the whole day .
As for science , we need to limit the size of portions of a product and consume only a limited number of calories according to our individuals needs .
In this way , , we will never have trouble with obesity .
Being healthy is fun !
You may think being unhealthy is only being fat , but that 's not true .
Being unhealthy leads to many diseases , such as heart or breathing problems , and even depression .
Besides being very awful , staying healthy is a good way to feel good about oneself and find new interests and new friends .
Here are some advice for those who want to be healthy :
éInstead of going to the fast food chain during lunch time , why do n't you try going to the cafeteria in the campus , which has a whole variety of salads and soup that are not only healthy , but also really tasty ?
yummy Did you know that our athletic team was accepting registrations ?
That could be a great way to find new teammates that will help you develop some skills .
Do n't waste time , and go get to the last spots .
£ Right outside our camp , you will find a gym that offers a lot of activities , like spinning , aerobics or even swimming lessons .
Also , because you are studying in this college , they will provide you a big discount !
yummy Are you what one calls a couch potato ? Get up on the couch , hang up the TV and go to a park on the campus .
There you can breath some fresh air when you read a book , do Frisbee or defend your point of view with other students .
Travelling by car has become more and more popular nowadays .
However , public transport will still survive .
first of all , public transport , like buses and subway services , is much cheaper and has less resources than cars .
Public transport can provide a affordable option for those who can not afford buy fancy cars .
It 's also more convenient to travel on public transport like air planes for a long distance , since travel by car for a long distance can be reallyexhausting and inconvenient .
Last but not the least , public transport is more environment friendly than cars , and that means public transport will be playing an even more important role when the environment problem became more and more severe .
If I had a dream about imaginary mode of transport the machine would be long , large and white .
I have to be lying in it to travel and the most important thing is that I 'll completely fall asleep in a few seconds .
I am going to be awake again when I arrive , until my destiny : The Spanish golden Century .
There the drama Lope de Vega will be waiting for me to show me how play takes place in that period of time when the teath was the best entertainer and the buildings were greatest .
Maybe . I 'll act like I 've done in the past .
Now I 'm going to write a movie review .
The term of the film is Bangalore .
It is a movie by Anjali Menon who has directed the film Ustaad hotel earlier .
This is a tale of three childrens friends from Kerala .
Kuttanagan , Kunja ( Diviya ) and Arjor .
They are typical small towns , young , dreaming of the big city , Bangalore .
Kuttan himself nerrates the story .
He started with a punch line that when they were in Kerala they do n't like it but , when they went outside Kerala , they missed it so much .
At the beginning of the story , Kuttan got a job in Bangalore , and , besides , Divya completed her BBA at a local college .
She is planning to go to the bigger city for an MBA .
Then an astrologer recommended Divya to get married soon .
So arranging marriages happen .
Her husband 's name was Das .
When das First met Divya he told me that he had a serious relationship with her and did n't think he was over it .
But it did not hamper the marriage .
From the first night of the wedding , Divya found out something is very wrong when Das put off all her wedding clothes and come up with the sleeping gown with a laptop and said that he has some office work to do .
After they go to their apartment in Bangalore , showing a room , das said that the room remained locked with old stuff , hence , they could use other rooms .
Das keeps himself busy with office work all the while besides , he is showing an attitude that he has no time for others .
Throughout Divya and he is a married couple , he has never shown any interest in Divya .
at the beginning , Divya always tried to match them with das but she could not .
So she is losing patience and gaining a damned careful attitude .
Das never feels for Devya .
So she keeps herself busy with her friends .
Meanwhile , Arjor came to the city . As he is a motorcycle expert , he found a racing club named Storm Ridder and started working as a motor mechanical engineer .
He can ride the motor bike exceptionally well , henceforward , he won a race with the club owner .
Later , the club owner banned him for one year .
But the coach of the club kept an eye on him .
At the same time Arjun falls in love with an aj named Sarah who is disabled .
The relationship faces a lot of odds .
Sarahs mother does n't approve the relationships .
She wants to go to Australia .
The relationship between Divyand Das is worsening .
At that time , after a quarrel , Divya reopened the locked room and found that room is keepsake for Das 's past relationship .
Nowadays , Devya understands why their relationship is not wording .
Then she discussed it with her two best friends , Arjun and Kutty .
This two become really angry .
Later , Divya goes back to his parents ' house .
She blamed Das and his family for wanting a divorce .
Keralai wants to marry a girl who is a traditional Keralian and has respect for Keralaian culture . Moreover , it needs to be beautiful .
At that point Kuttan made an urgent air trip to visit his sick father .
On the plane he met Meenakshi , a flight attendant .
At Kuttan 's house he thought he found his dream girl , Meenaksen .
Later , they met at a mall and suddenly at that time , they exchanged phone numbers .
A relationship began to grow .
Later , he found Meenakshi is not a traditional girl ; she is rather a trickster .
It has broken his heart .
Eventually , she found an Indian traditionalist in a foreign girl .
One day when the yearly racing event comes the coach tries to get Arjun to attend the race .
At the time , Arjor found out Das was the racing legend at the club .
Nobody respects and loves das .
He has got to know the story of das by others .
Then after a terrible accident Das 's girlfriend dies .
Before that , everyone saw Da Arjun and shared the thing with his friends .
Deya goes immediately back to Bangalore and starts her mba .
Now the das and the Divya are closer .
In that race Arjun become champion .
At the same day Sarah is leaving for Australia .
after the race , Das drove them to Sarah 's house to kill her .
After that , the story finished happily .
Also , I love playing tennis .
I think it is one of the most complete sports in the world .
I started playtennis when I was 10 years old ; my father taught me first and then I was one of the best teachers for the country .
I was a great player . I won several tournaments and had a lot of fans .
Your game was based on resistance ; I could n't play for hours . I had just one thing in my head - pass the ball no matter what .
my height was an important advantage too . I could reach all of the balls from one corner to another .
If I talk with kids who need to start play tennis , I always tell them tennis is one of the constant things that happens . It 's not easy ; you ca n't watch a game on TV and do it just as often as you could in a couple of days . It did n't work that way .
You must train for at least two hours per day and eat the proper food , and have no alcohol and enough sleep .
If you can use that , you are a future tennis champion .
Good luck !
Throughout my entire life , technological breakthroughs have dazzled me .
At school , I had been indulging passionately in my study , trying to understand how electrical gadgets work .
On roads , I observed cars , wondering how they moved .
I used technical devices and electronic gadgets even when I was in bet .
However , when I was a teen - ager , my mother had to go through a surgical operation to remove part of her liver .
This type of surgery has a low mortality risk due to the likelihood of human error .
However , the operation was successful and my mother was healthy again .
The doctor had to remove her ovaries during the surgery after he manage to accidentally cause a hemorrhage within them .
He made a humane mistake and my mother barely survive her liver operation with the unannounced removal of her ovary .
The overwhelming panic that I felt during her operation and the pain we went through as a family since her surgery have changed the shape of my life ever since .
Within human error , neither my life nor my mothers ' lives was ever the same again .
Every day since that day , I 've wanted to be a engineer to design a robotic system that could perform surgeries with great accuracy ; thus , eliminating human error .
We studied electronics engineering in the hope that one day , with enough information and willpower , I will be able to work and contribute to our field of engineering .
I am both hardworking and resilient .
Living in my city of Aleppo , located in Syria , during the war broadened my vision of life and expanded my horizons .
I want to contribute to the improvement of my country and repair what has broken the war by providing inexpensive prostheses for the injured victims of war .
Therefore , masturbation would enable me to put a smiling on a child 's face who might have lost his legs . However , this does not necessarily mean he has lost his right to play and enjoy his childhood .
I believe in lifetime learning and I am enthusiastic about learning European languages in common , and German in particular .
After finishing I finish my master 's program , I am preparing for my Ph.D. In addition to studying in academic settings , I will continue practicing and improving my German language while going around Germany , and having free time to learn about its enticing and wonderful culture .
I believe that we , , as humans , are all equals and we have the same dreams and hopes .
Thus , I want to do my best to help any life on the planet Earth to have a healthy and happy life .
not just the present generation , but also the entire human race .
I think that , after attaining enough knowledge in the technical field , he will be able to extend the life expectancy of the human race with robots and systems that can work hand in hand to ensure human safety .
whether by designing more intelligent systems to organize the traffic or developing robots that can conduct surgeries at lower risk .
And finally , I have to mention that I feel the urge to help every person that I meet in life , regardless of their race , gender , ethnicity . I do think that we have the power inside us to achieve all our dreams in life ; we just needing a strong motivation and enough dedication .
The sky is the limit .
Technology is a major technological discovery of great importance .
We are able to do tasks such as writing letters at the push of a button , use programs and even play games with these masterpieces .
People of any age can use computers for business or pleasure and , generally , a machine is a Super - enhancement in our ever - expanding , business - orients world .
With the help of health experts , however , our marvellous machine causes problems for our health which must not be ignored .
Apart from being a need , it makes the human being lazy to a certain extent and , thus , allows us to use our brains even less and less .
So , to say the most , a computer will be able to do many hundreds of useful tasks that our brains are completely indifferent to .
But We are ofught to ask ourselves " what happens when the computer - orientated world collapses ?
" If we go to bed , then we will have to use our brains .
But it is not sensitive to put all your efforts and holds onto a machine that runs off electricity .
The brain is to exercise to allow for this possible clanger , if we are to be data - connected from our precious computers .
We must educate ourselves more and our children , especially , who are at the forefront of tomorrows technology .
Hello Jo .
In my opinion , Spain is the best place to travel in .
Here you can find a lot of wonderful cities and many places to visit .
I would like to recommend you to visit two cities .
First , you should visit Sevilla .
Sevilla is on the south side of Spain .
The city is large .
It is a hot climate .
Those people there , are very happy and they celebrate by having parties in the streets .
It is a very important place to stay in the spring .
Second is Toledo .
Toledo is in the centre of Barcelona .
It is a historically important city .
Toledo was built in a mountains that have a river around them .
Toledo was a place where I lived in three cultures .
It has an an important historical centre , with many museums and place to visit .
Here in Spain it is very easy to work if you want .
Although there are many people without a job , it is known that there are many temporary jobs at work .
During summer bars and restaurants need many waiters and cookers .
Those employees are temporary . You can have some money for your trip .
Warm regards .
It was Raffa .
dear Prime Editor , Lately , a significant number of loose people have been arguing about building the recycling plant .
Like many others , I strongly believe it will involve several positive aspects for everyone .
Depending on what happens , almost all of the residents in our local area are inclined to eve that building such a huge recycling plant will provide jobs which we need .
Moreover , our neighbourhood used to be a one of the most attractive areas . But now there is an unbearibly enormous increase in the amount of rubbish which we want to get rid of .
Another reason is that protecting the environment has been very difficult , but building a recycling plane will be much easier and will keep our environment well .
Recycling should not only save the environment , but should also save money , as buying recycled items is a lot cheaper .
The Government have a massive responsibility to encourage people to do recycling .
Finally , in my opinion , the construction of the recycling plant was a great idea .
Finally , it is beneficial for both humans and the environment . Yours faithfully , Banhi Mohamed
Dear Tom ,
I have wrote to you to send me this job in the summer camp . I usually work with children of these ages , because I 'm a teacher , and when I finish , all day , I usually plan to prepare food for children from the same school .
During my free time , I prefer preparing activities for children that are usually related with sports and evening activities .
When I 'm cold , I 'm considered an energetic and cheerful person , I put all my energy into the work that I do , I 'm a hardworking person .
If I have things to do , I always win .
I 'm interested in this job because I want to learn and improve my experiences at work and on my course .
I thought that I would be a suitable person for the job because I would have all that you needed of a person .
Thanks for your consideration .
Bye .
If ever there was a false statement it is : " There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . "
Traveling by car with its carbon monoxide poisoning the atmosphere and creating global climate change .
It is like killing the planet .
Our love for convenience will cause the end of our beautiful planet . And so , of course , we as well .
In most large cities around the world , now cars are actually inconvenient and most people depend on public transport to get around .
The Paris Metro , New York Subway and London Underground are all integral part of these teams .
In many cities not only there are massive traffic jams but there is nowhere to park your car once you get to your destination .
If there is to be a public transportation system , they will need to use public transport and enjoy public transportation .
The model does need some work . However , such as , less and more frequent buses are needed most days , with the big buses only coming out during rush hours .
The future is all about public transport with private gas - driven cars a thing from the past .
If we make it past this disaster , I will be saying , " What were we thinking ? "
Television , which has become an important part of our daily life , and it has both advantages and disadvantages .
Nowadays , televisions are not only a source for entertainment and advertisements but they are also impressive teaching aids of education , and its educational importance can never be underestimated as well .
It is becoming popular in schools , also , its audiovisual quality makes education programmes more effective and interesting .
Hence school is making use of its potential for improving education .
Most of the schools of the United States of America have television sets . A lesson in the classroom is often boring , and that does not appeal to most of the students , so they do not attend it .
To create an interest in lessons , television is a good source .
On subjects like science and Geography , there are many other things which could be shown on television .
Hi , Nazanin !
Thank you for your postcard .
You were very nice to them .
How was your Easter holiday ?
My holidays were rather interesting , even extraordinary .
As you know , this year I celebrated Easterners in Germany , because the Easter vocations were very short .
So , I tried to celebrate Easter from my Ukrainian folklaws .
Talytionally in the morning we have Easter mess at the church , and then Easter breakfast .
Before you make a mess you must pack a basket that contains traditional Eastering food and bless it in this Easter mess .
It was not so easy to find all the food ...
And , at last , Easter came .
It was amazing . It was warm and sunny . In spite of the days before , it was cold , windy and hard .
He and I and two friends went to the railway station , because the mess happened in Erfurt .
It was fun to bring the basket through the town , because it was windy and I had to wear the basketball very attentively to not let go of the napkin .
I had to start at 3 , but it started almost at 4 .
the mess lasting approximately 2 and half hours and then we expected to get home quickly , because we were rather hungry .
But it waited a little surprise of our own ...
We took only a few steps , and suddenly it became hail .
In a few minutes it looked like it 's winter outdoors .
I was unable to get to the railway station because it rained and hailed and we did n't have any umbrella at all .
So , the train missed one train and had to wait another near one hour .
We got home just near 8 : we were very hungry and at the last minute we went for our Easter supper .
We had had a great time together .
The next day , my friends come to me for a visit .
So I felt really cool .
Hope my story was not too long . )
Have you ever planned anything for the next weekend ?
We could go everywhere together .
I 'm looking forward to your reply .
Out : Mercé
to : Marta
Subject : your family
HI Marta ,
I'm writing because I want to invite u and your family this summer to Menorca .
I think that you can come the first week of July .
You can stay in my home in the countryside .
If you go , you can go to to the beach in the morning and we can take a walk in the Ciutadella in the evening . Do n't worry if you do n't like spending a lot of money because we have lunch at dinner at home , too .
I 'm speak with my daughter .
She is very happy because she wants to have tennis with your son .
Hope to see from you soon !
Merc<unk> s
We are suffering from a great economic crisis in Spain .
There is high inflation and a large underground economy . As a result , the education system of our country is among the poorest in Europe , together with the United States and the UK .
This economic crisis is affecting our education principally .
Politic is cutting back on aids to study .
There are more and more students that ca n't study because they receive a little economic help .
First , to solve this problem , cutting the salaries of people such as footballers , politicians , and commentators on trashy TVs , such as Salvame .
Socialities are sure that if they do this , the students will get enough money to study .
the authorities have been working really hard to find way to take care of the environment in the community .
They have a programme in that program . The first rule is that one day per month all neighbors go out to clean every street .
Those people have to separate garbage from organic and inorganic garbage , and if they do n't , people should n't use it .
They keep on the garbage in their house still . And they follow the rules .
A person is aboard a garbage truck . They do n't receive the garbage .
This line graph shows the number of guests to a select number of different museums and galleries in sharjah . Overall , the greatest number of visitors was in Sharjah , where the Museum of Islamic civilisation was located , and the least number of visitors were for Maraya , which is an art centre .
The most noticeable aspect of the data on sarjah art muesum , which started in 1991 and increased just slightly until 2001 , then it rose sharply to reach a peak of 3.1 in 2006 . Secondly , if we looked at Sharjah calligraphy museums and Sharjah archeological museums , we would notice that both starts in the same year , 1991 . The archeology museum had started with a number of 0.3 then it had remained consistently until 2001 , when it increased sharply and the calligraphy museum 's number started at 1 million visitors decreased slightly and it declined to reach 0.05 million until then it had dropped to 3.05 million .
Nowadays , public transport seems to be one of the most suitable choices for us to travel .
This may be regarded as quite a difficult problem to solve .
More and more family are now used to buying private cars rather than using public transport .
And , on the one hand , for our daily life , it is worth buying a car .
We can use it for a broad range of activities such as bringing our children to school , going to our place of work , doing shopping and , of course , going on family vacations .
Princes might seem more expensive at first , but from later on , cars tend to be very affordable .
But on the other hand , the weather is ahead of us , and we must ensure that every single person contributes to making our environment a better place for future generations .
But , for instance , we have many examples of how public transport is improving our environment .
London 's subway , for example , carries more then one thousand people each day .
People rarely use their cars in crowded cities , which is why public transport has a unique role in our daily lives .
Furthermore , public transport is developing new environmentally - friendly engines that may provide better conditions and renovated air for our people .
Investing in this kind of transport is now becoming a traditional activity for those who have enough income to care for society .
To sum up , people will still be using public transport in the future , although new changes must be made to see survival .
Lastly , try to organize your sports and music time and try your best to do both .
If you 're convinced you can not do both of them , think about two things , the first , about which activity you will need to have a better future , and second , about which one of those activities you like the most . In my opinion ,
I think sports will give you a lot more benefits than music , because you do what you like and at the the same time , exercising .
Hopefully , I really hope this help you .
Sinai Hector
Many people believes that being famous is fantastic ; everyone on the street wants to take a picture with you . You have a lot of fans .
Being pop is cool , because everyone knows you .
Another good thing about this is that you 're distinguishable .
You 're observed by cameras , paparazzi , and fans all the time , even though you 're at home on holiday along with your family .
You wo n't even go shopping without noticing .
And I 'm sure that tomorrow your photo will be on the front page of daily news .
What s more journalists are just waiting to hear from you about your misconduct , an inaccurate statement or compromising my bahaviour .
Morocco 's politicians , especially politicians , are even being attacked by brazen journalists who hunt for them .
I think , famous people deserve to have a private life and not journalists following them .
Nowadays everybody wants to know what a private idol 's life looks like , so I think it 's very difficult for famous people to save their own lives for themselves .
Nowadays , everything of the world is very developed , such as education , transport , people 's life and so on .
I 'm sure that in the future these will develop more .
In the future , Education will grow a lot . And I think it will change the way we teach and what we learn .
Scientists have created a pen which can write in space , while in this pen , teachers do n't want to go to the place that has board , but they also want to write when they want anywhere , and a device which helps students who do n't get to school can include the lesson and , using this device , they can discuss with friends in a comfortable way .
For transport in the next 50 years , cars which use the sun 's energy will be popular , and cars which cause the environment to become pollution will be damaged .
The size of people walking to school or to the place where they work will increase .
This is a great change .
people 's lives will change too . At that time , perhaps each family will have a robot which can do housework .
People do n't want to spend a lot of time on housework , but instead , they can relax after work or have some different activities .
People 's lifestyles will be more comfortable .
I hope there are lots of changes in the future .
All About me
Hello , I 'm Ailsa Dael Lam and I 'm thirteen years old .
I was born in the Netherlands in the town called Utrecht .
It is a nice city in the center of the Netherlands .
Some people thought I was born in Holland , but that is not right .
He was born in Netherlands .
Holland is a place in the West of the Netherlands .
It 's Amsterdam , the capital of the country too .
About two years ago when I was born , my sister , Jette came to the world .
She is now fifteen years old .
I havealso have a father called Geurt , it is a Dutch name which is hard to say for Swedish people , and a mother named Willemien .
We alsohad animals in our family .
Freddy was the first cat I ever had .
He was always in my bed when I was a baby .
He had a special voice .
The noise was loud and no one knew who he was because of it .
Yet , now , he is dead .
He died when he was eights years old .
Today we have a dog , Silas , and two other cats , which are called Selma en Romeo .
When Selma was one year old , she had five kittens .
Another of them was Romeo .
Today they are not so nice to everyone as they were when they were smaller .
I moved to Sweden ten years ago .
We moved because of nature and because we wanted adventure .
In the Netherlands there is n't so much nature .
Whenever we moved to Sweden , I felt how the air was cleaner .
We rented a neighborhood near the water .
After a few years , we moved to the house where we still live today on Edsviksvágen 118 in Danderyd .
It did n't move so far , but it was to a bigger and much nicer house .
Any Wednesday before I am going to my dance classes , I go to a Dutch school .
There , I learn about the Dutch grammatics , so that I 'm on the same level as the Dutch children of me .
If I want to , I can study in the Netherlands because of this .
I like to dance and to play field hockey .
I play field hockay on Sundays and I dance on Wednesdays and Saturdays .
most Swedes do n't know what field hockey is , but it is a sport , much like bandy . The difference is that the stick is n't the same .
I feel happiest and free when I play hockey and dance .
But I like sports , I definitely like animals , too .
Last summer , I had to be in Spain with my cousins . It was the best holiday ever .
We lived on a camping trip near the sea .
There I made my first scuba dive .
It is so funny .
Then , when I sank slowly down into the water , I heard the sound of the bubbles .
I 've seen three Red Sea Stars and many fish .
I really want to dive in Australia some day .
I also swam a lot with my cousins .
One of my favorite memorials is when Selma got five kittens .
I had such a nice time playing with them and they are so cute .
She gets them one night in May. I heard the sound of the cat waking up .
When I looked on my left side , I saw Selma in a basket , but she was n't alone .
Nowadays , there are only a few other kittens in the basket !
I called them , Romeo , Rebecka , Suchi , Ronja and Viggo .
Everyone was white with black spots except one , Ronja . She was black with a white stomach .
My favorite restaurant in Stockholm is Bonbon .
There , they have a small dish , with fish , meat and vegetables .
if you want one of the small dishes , put a small ball in the glass .
When you have to pay them , they see how many balls are on the glass and then they think about how much they have to pay .
They 're very nice there and you do n't have to choose one dish . You can eat more smaller dishes .
me also like the Italian food in restaurants , like the Ciao Ciao Duo in Stockholm .
When I 'm a grown up I want to be a veterinarian .
Just because I love animals and I want them to help when they are sick ,
I think lots of veterinarians ask for too much money for something that you could do at home too .
I did n't want to be that and I want to start my own vet 's hospital .
My favourite color is blue .
It 's not just one sort of blues , but all sorts of things .
I am also liked for being ink .
I have much more favorite books than colourful ones .
I like Hunger Games really much , but I also like books of John Boyne , like " The boy in the striped pyjamas " .
I like the book ; this is Malala and " The Kite runner of Khaled Hossain " .
I like to reading books about the war and the Taliban , because , I think , it is interesting and exciting .
These stories are often sad too , and I like to read those kinds of stories .
It was a little bit about myself .
Thank You for listening .
Ail sa Lam 7A3
Recent developments in the field of genetic engineering have come largely as a result of the discoveries made and techniques designed during this century , beginning with the discovery of DNA and the mapping and understanding of its structure .
Manipulations of genes is an increasingly important and dangerously powerful ability which can not be left simply for scientists to look after .
We are all now affected by the result of genetic engineering , or commercial ones .
Tomatoes are designed to last longer , apples to grow bigger , crops to rise later to allows for transport time , pigs used to grow insulin for human use ...
The list is enormous .
Along with the many reasons , there are dangers .
New biological weapon are being developed all over the world . Egged the ability to transfer the genes , which cause cancer , into a simple disease like the common cold , could , without much doubt , wipe out a significant percentage of the human race .
There need n't be a war for something disastrous like this to occur , these genetically engineered microbes could be released accidentally whilst being investigated in an unsealed laboratory .
If we are to accept the advantages which comes with genetic engineering , we also have to take responsibility for the disadvantages . The staories are too high to leave this job to scientists and it ca n't be expected that people will take the moral responsibility for those who misuse their discoveries / invention , thereby causing disaster .
Governcies should insure that money is invested not just in the research of genetic engineering , but also in ensure that the results of this research are kept safe .
I recommend visiting a Guido mine .
It 's an old mine , which has changed into a culture zone in our city .
Of course , it 's still a mine , so you can find all the maintenance equipment used . Zabrze is located in Silesia , an area where a coal mine is located .
It was set in 1855 by guests of Guido Henckel von Donnersmarck . So , the mine is named .
It has such rich history , that I just ca n't tell you everything in one e - mail .
I can only say that the mine is divided into two levels : 170 and 320 points .
The first one , grade 170 , presents the methods of making mines , the work of the miners in late 19th century and the history of that industry in Silesia .
This level is built up as an interactive form of sightseeing that is supported by lights and sounds .
My main assumption is to shock the visitor and give him feelings and , in my opinion , it surely does .
Visitors could be surprised by noise of crackling celing or rats ' squirming .
there are also many exhibitions organised throughout the year round .
A highly - qualified guide is waiting for every group of visitors and he 's ready for even the most serious of questions .
With a view on the road , you can also find a place in the chapel which is very important for every minor and , of course , a place where important celebrations are taking place .
On level 3 and 20 , which resembles a real mine , you can see a longwall coal - cutting machine while it 's working .
you could also touch real coal with your hands .
There are organised many concerts , exhibitions and theatre plays too .
And if you get hungry you can try something regional . You may be sure that cooks wo n't allow you to starve to death .
I think the Guido mine is well worth visiting .
Love ,
XYZ .
Nowadays , the aeroplane is treated as an ordinary aspect of our life .
Their chief purpose is to transform people safely from one place to another .
However , , a few decades ago , we had a very limited idea of such a technology .
Yet , now , so ubiquitous is that we seem unable to take notice of aeroplane business .
If one were to dive into the most paramount invention of the last century , it probably indicate modern conveniences , namely , television or the computer .
We tend to underrate the importance of the aeroplanes .
It is clear obvious that air travel has had an enormous impact on the way we deal with the world .
First of all , as a result of its development we could experience a noticeable soar in mass tourism .
People have ample opportunities to put off a riveting journey to places they had previously imagined while reading an adventurous book .
Besides , the great influence of the aeroplane is seen in mass emiratification .
Had it not for the Wright brothers , immigrants would n't have been able to have casualties and settle in remote lands ; hence , the world would teetering financially .
So far , as far as vast changes which the the aeroplane has undergone have been concerned , society 's attitude has also improved .
In the first place , throughout decades , we had distant relationships and such initially fallible labors .
A classical illustration of this could be the use of air devices only for martial purposes .
Since the 2011 century was about wars , we would only kill and exterminate people .
Hence , creating such a vehicle was our morbid fascination from the time immemorial .
Nonetheless , the situation has got somewhat normalised .
Air travel has converted from luxury to the rich 's disposal to something commonly available for almost everyone .
Then I personally believe that the influence which the aeroplane has had on our life is significant ; yet , we have to bear in mind dangers related to it .
For example , at the beginning of the 21st century , tourists have been under constant threat from terrorists .
Moreover , the opportunities which airtechnology brings may easily contribute to further development .
However , it will probably improve to such an extent that commuting from Tokyo to London will be the twinkling of an eye .
In summary , air business and its changes have been important to the world .
With regard to minute drawbacks of life , we can only laud its benefits .
It has definitely had an edifying effect on our thoughts of travelling .
Many years before , people lived without everything we have nowadays , it was , mobile phones , LED TV s , computers , etchings .
These means that we have experienced an important change with the passing of time , it is because of the rise in technology , that people 's livelihood changes .
Nowadays , will we continue developing our technology and our lives ?
from my point of view , technology will continue changing our lives in aspects of routine , free time , so we will not be able to live without using it .
This is a problem , we must not depend on items like phones , TVs , or all items created by the technology .
If we had had to live in the past , bearing into mind all our dependency on technology , we would not be able to live this way of life ; I am sure of that .
But , I think that people 's lives will recover thanks to technology , not only are there bad things , like dependency on technology , it offers us interesting things like new technology , new information systems to improve the world of work , improvements in a wide variety of job sectors , agriculture , healthy education , etc .
Finally , in order to sum up , I think that people 's life will change , but not dramatically ; it depends on each person and on the way in which people focus their lives .
Unfortunately , I haven't seen any trillers for ages .
I like other genres .
I saw a really great comedy by Wes Anderson last month .
His title is The Hotel Grand Budapest .
The story takes place in Eastern Europe , between two world wars .
The hostess used to care about his regular clients , especially older ladies .
The hotel flourished and the Manager felt himself and behaved like a God in his small universe .
He hired the teenaged Indian refugee as a gallboy and teach him all his skills .
He given the boy a lot of hospice , friendship , barrage and human rights .
An old man got back to where his youth was and told the story about his friend and master .
Nowadays , public transport is less enjoyable than travelling by car , because there are other solutions , like an internet platform that tells you about sharing a car at a relatively low price with people going to the same destination .
Sharing a car could be a good alternative to saving money but it also is more comfortable than travelling with a lot of people .
First of all , public transport has lesser combinations : it is too difficult to travel , for example , if you have to work at nocturne hours and on special days it 's impossible to catch a seat .
If you have lost the bus , train or any other public transportation , you have had to wait a long time between them and it makes results madding .
In consequence , people prefer travelling by car , because it is more comfortable , and you can go everything you want at the time that you consider the best and choose to share the space with other people if you want .
Nowadays , people spend lot of money on going to English - speaking countries to improve their language skills .
But is it really the most effective way of learning a language ?
From my viewpoint of view , studying in a foreign country has certain drawbacks .
Firstly , this option is very expensive , as the tuition charges for overseas students are rather high .
Besides , when youstudy abroad , you have to adapt to a very different way of life , which is quite stressful .
Also , English teachers do n't speak Russian , so if you do n't know English well , you will not understand their introduction .
It is often assumed that it is better to study languages abroad , since you can always use them speaking with native speakers .
However , I doubt that we would have lots of opportunities to speak abroad as we do not know how many people are there .
Its also believed that Russian teachers are not as qualified as those in England .
I totally disagree with this idea because Russian teachers can compare two languages and explain grammar rules better .
To sum up , I would argue that the best way to learn a language is to study it in your natural country because you always get the necessary help from your teachers .
Also , today we have lots of opportunities to improve our skills , such as communicating through English pen friends and over the Internet .
I think we should travel abroad to practise languages , but not to study them .
