Keeping the Secret of Genetic Testing
What are the genetic risks ?
Genetic risk means more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
People have a certain disease because of genetic changes .
How much a genetic change tells you about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear .
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , this does not mean that you will definitely develop heart disease .
the opposite is also true .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it is probably still possible to develop heart disease .
Unfortunately , for some rare diseases , people who have certain genes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
When we are diagonosed with certain genetic diseases , are we supposed to disclose these results to our relatives ?
My answer is no .
On one hand , we do not want this potential danger causing lightening affects in our families ' latter lives .
When people around us know that they have certain disease , their altitudes may easily change . Whether it is caring too much for us or keeping away from us .
And neither is what we want , since most of us just want to live like normal people .
Surrange by such concerns , it is very likely , that we are too distracted to be worried about these problems .
It is a concern that will be with us all our lives , since we never know when the ''potential bomb ' ' will explode .
Nevertheless , if there are ways that can help us to control or cure the disease , we could go through this process from the scene of the whole family .
In one example , if exercising is helpful to the family for potential diseases , we can always look for more chances for the family to do exercise .
And we keep tracking all family members ' healthy conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know when there are other members caught with this disease .
Here I want to share the Forest View of this issue .
Already , while some people feel that an individual who was found to carry the dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to dismiss that fact , there is currently no legal requirement for them to do so .
In fact , requires someone to communicate their own genetic risk to family members , who are , therefore , also at risk , is considered by many to be ethically dubious
" ( OR : )
Nothing is absolutely right or wrong .
If certain disease genetic tests are very accurate and they are unavoidable and necessary to obtain treatment and be known by other people , it is OK to disclose the result .
Above all , life is more important than secret .
Genetic risks do carry consequences and should not be taken lightly in the family circle .
After all , what effects one family may have on another may not affect another although the family has a common genetic make up , shared by neither of the parents .
As in cases where an individual has been acquired by a genetic disappearance , disclosing or otherwise , to his or her relatives , is solely a matter of preference in the indivdial moral system .
The issue of right to know or not to know , is highly debated . Although it is a genetic risk , one can not be sure completely because the genetic information can possibly result in the families of either parent - their maternal or paternal uncles , aunts , or cousin .
It also means that as soon as a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she consequently has knowledge of others .
This knowledge can be relavant to them , and vice versa .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
It is hereditary .
Does someone who has suffered from this disease keep it a secret from their relatives ?
In retrospection , it is also their duty to ensure that he or she undergoes periodic health checks on their own .
Sometimes family structure and cultural beliefs can influence patterns of communication .
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered by , the son or daughter for example , the parents who know about this would decide who gets told and who takes the precedence of being 'allowed ' to speak .
For example , under a family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen by many people as having the primary responsibility to passed on information to any offspring , with adults at risk .
In addition , a woman testing position for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclosing such information to a niece or nephew , rather than do it herself . However , this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information if they do not want to know .
Hence , there are also tensions if participants feel that they could neither pass on information to relatives they needed to know ( such as nieces and nepheens ) nor persuade those in authority ( the parents ) to doing so .
That notion of authority also extends 'vertically' .
In the case of an aunt , for example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass along information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
From a practitioner 's viewpoint , these findings are important because if lay constructions of the family have a social construct , they may not be in line with geneticists ' views about family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be kept informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic contexts .
Unfortunately , one must pay attention to those who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
My duty is to inform at risk relatives , whether or not it greatly depends on personal morals and the nature of how 'direct ' The risk is to them .
People with close blood relationships generally carry some similar genes .
Thus , if a family members or close relatives are found to carry a genetic risk , it is good for the patient to tell his/her closest relatives about the issue and let others know about her risk , so that his/her family members are able to perform some daily exercises to prevent a potential disease or they might go to the hospital and check for the correspondence flows .
In fact , although the announced possibility of carrying a genetic risk involves the problem of privacy , it is necessities of the carrier to be obliged to tell the problem to his / her relatives in order for them to prevent potency .
My opinion to a large extent disagrees .
Focus first on the negative side of the annouance of genetic risk .
The large numbers of patients with genetic risk may want to keep the genetic risk secret as the genetic risk indicates their high chance of carrying certain diseases .
Especially for young people without marriage , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , they may have certain chance that their child would carry the same disease .
Therefore , to keep the information as a secret from him as her future spouses would help the relationship .
Secondly , announcement of the potential risk would cause family member to be scared of this certain issue . Although the problem may not be that serious , people would likely fear that they will have some potential disease in the future . Thus , they could go to hospital and do an additional check or take more medicine , in order to prevent the disease , and this will create unnecessary costs for the family too .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risks would affect the relationship with relatives , as sometime others may think about not being too close to a carrier , so that they will have less chance to get the potential disease .
Moreover , if the genetic risk is kept a secret , though it may benefit the carrier to a certain extent and helps to keep the private sector private , it will also have a much larger negative impact on the family members and relatives .
Firstly , in the case of marriage , people have to be honest and tell their spouses that they may carry certain genetic risks that may affect their offspring .
I prefer to let the other party know the facts rather than after the baby is born and certain types of genetic diseases are found .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic diseases have a close relationship with born genes together with their daily habits .
For example , if a carrier is said that she has the risk of having diabetes .
And , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake too many sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tells us about this information to the relatives , it will be useful for him to know that they may have diabetes in the future because of related genes and he can perform the same exercise to take less sugar to prevent disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know that , they may end up having diabetes in the future without any prevention .
But in conclusion , it could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers ' relatives beyond the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for a carrier to be obliged to tell the information to their relatives , in order to help them know and prevent potential disease through daily exercises .
For all kinds of different diseases , a large number of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Genetic disorder may or may not be hereditary disease . Sometimes , it is hard to find one which has these kinds of diseases .
A long discussion has continued about whether a driver of a known genetic risk should be obliged to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by genes .
From the legal perspective , the answer is no , but from the ethical aspect , the answer ought to be yes .
You ca n't make laws that push a carrier of a known genetic risk into telling his or her relatives about its genetic problem .
it is immoral and unpractical .
Finally , someone having what kinds of disease belong to his or her privacy .
Privacy protection belongs to one 's human rights .
The law requires someone to tell others their own privacy , especially when they are not willing to do so .
It is against his or her own human rights and it is against the rule of law .
The law 's spirit also includes fairness .
A basic difference between a genetic disorder and a genetic disorder is in other disorders .
And it is unfair to release a law only pointing to genetic disorders .
In addition , it was impractical to enact such a law .
A good law should be clear and easy to implement .
however , there are many problems against executions of asking a carrier to tell his or her relatives about the cause of his or her diseases .
Finally , what range is the relativity ?
For example , does the carrier have to only tell his or her direct relatives like his parents and brothers and sisters , or does he also have to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's child 's nephew ?
If you only need to tell direct relatives , this will be against the rule of law .
Other relatives may have the same possibilties of having this kind of disease .
How can a law made by government exemption such a group of people from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
However , from the ethical point of view .
To the carrier himself , she should have a feeling of responsibility for telling his or her relatives their genetic disorders .
By doing this , the couple may be able to save the lives of some their relatives .
This is because a carrier with bad genes may not necessarily have those genetic diseases . If they could have a more healthy lifestyle before that , the gene 's function would become stronger .
A typical example is the genetically caused hypertension .
Hyptension can be caused by genetic problems , which make it harder to digest the weight and salt in the blood , which can cause hypertension .
People often get this kind of hypertension after they become adults .
But if they already know , they may have a gene that can make them have higher possibilities to get hypertension .
They can build a daily habit of eating less salt and fat and thus avoid hypertension .
In the nutshell of our society , one ca n't push genetic problem carrier to tell his or her genetic problem is disease , but he or she should be willing to tell his / her relatives about one 's genetic problem .
But , if they do so , fewer of their loved ones will suffer from this genetic problem .
In an age of rapid technological advancements , a lot of medical breakthroughs have been made possible .
Genetic testing is made possible and is available for everyone 's decision to undergo .
It is also possible to detect illnesses or diseases and even one child 's parentage .
However , it will be a controversial issue , as it has become a dilemma for a carrier of the known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
So , if the knowledge of a genetic risk was to be shared within a family or relatives , they might have chances of getting it into their blood , which they may do as necessary precaution to prevent .
But if it is a genetic disease , most of the families will be disheartened upon knowing about it .
Therefore , some carriers will be keeping it a secret .
This essay will discuss whether a person who is a known genetic risk should explain to his or her relatives or not .
Some have said that the genetic risk that can be found in a person should be kept a secret because it is considered as personal information which should be kept confidential .
Most patients will be depressed after realising their condition .
If one had a genetic disease after the test , he or she might not wish to inform the relatives as he might have ended up disheartening his extended family .
Some may wish to keep it for themselves , and hope to ensure that they will not bring any pessimism to their families .
Furthermore , some may wish not to become a burden for everyone as seeking medicine attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some see it as being considered a way of keeping the genetic disease confidential .
Others may think that they will be considering telling their relatives , because the latter will have a higher tendency of taking the same genetic risk .
Hence , they should be able to seek help from medical specialists in finding a cure or to implement some measures to prevent their risk of developing the disease .
Still , it will depend on which kind of genetic diseases , given in the context of modern medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease that could be cured if it is realised in the early stages .
Hence , having knowledge of genetic risk , relatives of patients will do a medical check-up , which might save them in realising it at an early stage .
In conclusion , it would be considered as incurring the risk of getting the same genetic disease as relatives .
Although there could be a lot of challenges ahead for people seeking medical attention , such as financial problems , everyone will be given the right to know about their family 's inherent medical condition .
However , some think that it might be good for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life .
In addition , some may think that even knowing of the genetic risk of the disease , it will just add on to their misfortune as there is nothing that they can do about it .
In addition to that , it depends on the individual and the nature of the disease , but the individual should be obligated to inform his relatives if there are possibilities for curing or preventing it .
Genestic testing is a personal decision , with the knowledge that there is a possibility that one could be a car carrier or not .
These people who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even if there isno risk at all .
Earlier pre-examinations are healthy , as they cast away unwanted questions and affect the psychological thoughts of the people who are affected .
As for a genetic risk carrier , there should be choice given to inform his or her relatives .
They should not be forced or obliged to do so , as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic carry .
With regard to this choice given , there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom in decision making .
If a genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then , most likely , the decision to inform a relative should be made by the patient 's parents or legal guidance .
Cancers are still emotionally volalitile and may be unaware of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their young age .
Furthermore the act of informing others without their parents or the patient 's consent itself could harm the psychological situation of the affected family .
Thus , much thought needs to be put on the immediate family , as that could cause a stir for unwanted events between patients or family members themselves .
Some family members may feel hurt , with regard to their family 's pride or reputation , by having the knowledge of such genetic disorders running in their family .
However , there is a role to play and a sense of responsibility to inform relatives since it is a genetic disorder .
There may be a possibility that a genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other familiarity with the same family tree .
The importance of forming relations between individuals with such genetic diseases is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevent genetic disorders .
Also , this known information will help relatives to make informed decisions and , to similarly , undergo genetic testing to find out what the outcome is .
Thus , being aware that such genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards people 's emotional thought .
And , if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically for the future outcome and aid it in making upcoming decisions .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier will be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is made known to them .
Having a support from relatives is vital as it ensures the genetic risk carrier that she is not alone in facing this illness and will certainly provide a morale boost , as the entire family will share a common sentiment in regards to the future prospect of the genetic disorder which could be inheritite by anyone in the family .
Therefore , we should inform relatives about such a genetic disorder so that the condition and background of the affected family members will depend on their liberty of choice given to them in making the decision to inform others about them .
A person suffering from a disorder , whether it 's a mental or mental disorder , is always easily rewarded by his / her family .
When things are related to genetic issues , it is not that simple anymore .
Genetic disorder inheritance is taught generation by generation , with not all of the offspring showing the relevant symptoms .
Sometimes a family at risk of potential genetic disorder may not be able to detect potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members show any observably diseased symptoms .
As the result , in the case that when one of the members happens to feel uncomfortable or normal , he or her should aware whether the disorder in his / her body has been a genetic risk or not .
Afterward , the carrier will face a serious ethical problem , whether it is revealing the problem to his or her relatives or not .
If the disorder symptoms are reflected in a kid , the parent will be informed by the medics for sure , then the whole family will stay alert to their body 's conditions .
In contrast , if the carrier is an adulthood , and he or she has a choice whether to inform his or her friends about the risk , it will be more complex .
Some might think that if the career is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself there is no doubt that he or she will tell him or her family about the issue .
That is true , and , of course , it is the obligation of a family member to protect and took care of the family .
Think of it as the other way . If a family member knows that he has the risk of being a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherit to their child in the future , his whole life should be in a dilemma .
And of course , he or she will think of not having any child after getting married , and the same thoughts go to the cousins as well .
However , the family generation stops until the moment the adults carrier announces their problems .
In China , the older generation with traditional cultural backgrounds , will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family driven up and stronger .
The reasons behind this are that , after WOWII , the population in China decreased dramatically and so the government has encouraged people to give birth more .
For example , if one of the family members shows genetic disorder symptoms , he would fall into an ethnic dilenma .
But medical treatment is not advanced enough to cure him completely .
He has to chose whether to protect his family or make his family prosper with a potential generic risk .
And so , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be mine forever .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by others , because they will not understand the position or duty of the career in the family .
In conclusion , people should think carefully about the consequences of telling relatives his or her generic disorder is related .
It is an obligation on a carrier to inform his relatives , and also an obligation on a family member to help his or her liven up .
However , if the disorder is rarely fatal , or does not cause any inconvenience to the career , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
In my mind , the carrier should tell his or her relatives about it .
One of the reasons is because , as a carrier , he / she needs mental support to pass this situation .
It would be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on his or her own .
By telling to her family about it other than being a supplier , they could possibly help her to find alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
Besides that , I believe that the strong bond he has with our families is the biggest pillar of support to our career .
Furthermore , as it is A genetic problem , it would be better for the carrier to inform on his or her family when another family member might experience the same thing .
by making sure that they are aware about this genetic problem , they could have a full check-up for themselves and it will be better whether or not they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
I find it is important to inform , especially if it is contact with humans , that the carrier can prevent the disease from spreading to society .
For example , there are always pros and cons in every action .
I believe that some carriers will choose to not reveal their diseases to family members because they do not want to cause their family members worry , to feel uncomfortable , or even feel ostracized by them .
Also , as it could affect spending lots of money for treatment , the carrier should not want to be a burden on her family .
I could understand the feeling at the end of the course .
He or she does n't want to be the source of unhappiness in the family .
However , we will always know whether this negative influence will happen when the carrier decides to tell his ors ' family about his or her condition .
Finally , personally , I feel it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
A career should be honest with his or her feelings and I find that it is the right of the family person to know what is going on with his or her life .
If anything wrong happened with the carrier 's life , without informing the family members , it would cause huge regret in their lives . If she left without them knowing about it .
Apart from that , it is better to think about solutions for her problem with family members as there are more heads to think about , rather than thinking about it alone , struggling on their own .
Finally , I believe that providing mental or even mental support to your family is possible to help the carrier in the fight against a genetic illness .
True enough that there are lots of cancer patients who are given a second choice in living as a normal person , as they have strong mental support from their loved ones .
I think , as long as we keep our minds healed and strong , we can fight every disease as they come at us when we are fragile and weak .
As technology has been improving , it has reached a stage where advancements triggers some ethical dilemmas .
Genetic testing has been made possible-- it has become easier to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing .
If used for good purposes , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness . However , it can also make the situation worse by revealing who the carrier is in the family .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to teach his or her relatives and I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I believe that his or her has a right not to know .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is compulsory .
Of course , Some people may be doing it to make their future slightly happier . Even if they are a career , they can choose not to take the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the facts .
If he chose to live with the uncertainty about which gene held and were to accept it . He could have done that , and it has been something that is normal to anyone in the past , as genetic testing has not been possible .
It would rather be better for him or her this way .
some people might say that it is a way of preventing people giving birth to disabled people and making them suffer in real life .
I personal think this ist he right purpose of going through genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford having a disabled child do not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer .
However , I do believe that the carrier has a right not to obligate anyone to tell someone but has a responsibility to take action to prevent any ethical shortcomings .
If the result turned out to be something that the carrier can not accept , then it would have be better not to know the truth .
I belive that even a carrier has the right to not know the truth .
After realizing that the person is their career , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
A problem in a family could possibly arise due to this fact and create more unhappiness in the family .
Over all , I belive that the carrier entirely depends on us sharing the hard facts and dealing with relatives , but he has no obligation to say yet .
In fact , I clearly think that the carrier should consider both the positive and negative consequences of taking genetic testing and take the appropriate action in relation to the results .
The emotional depression that a carrier might have had and a sense of guilt could be worse than expected and could be a burden on his mind for the rest of his his life .
On the other hand , , without knowing any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will be positive and will work together to overcome the disaster .
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is , without feeling emotional stress .
Diebates have been around for years , and a carrier should , for example , be obligated to inform his / her relatives .
An individual at risk of a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether he or she should be informed about others , especially close family members or relatives , is a topic for discussion .
The issue needs to be addressed as family-connected ethical dilemma is involved .
In this essay , few arguments will be point out in the support of view of any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about this problem .
When they were born , they surrounded themselves with families and relatives , welcoming us into this new world .
We were crying very hard , but we are not alone , it 's our family and relatives that grew up with us .
Hence , there should be people that are grateful and the people we would like to share our joy with .
However , in the case of any health problems or , to the extent of serious disabilities , there may seem to be no point to sharing but this involved more than just a sharing of bad news .
A person definitely has the right to disclose his or her health issues to anyone else , but it 's also person 's responsibility to information about the family and close relatives .
A case of health problems is related to genetic risk , with the keyword on " genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation .
I would agree to that . It 's obligation for a person at known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives , to avoid any families related ethical dilemma that could arise in the possible future .
Although one can argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such health issues or to bond with him / herself , it 's certainly helpful to share them with close relatives , for a proper argument for solutions .
In doing so , one will feel less stressed while facing such a disrupt .
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more concern for the carriers of a known genetic risk .
By informing you of their problems , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder risks .
On top of that , as the genetic risk may pass on to the next generation , thus it will involve more than just one family .
It is therefore , I would agree to the obligation of telling the relatives of people in either party when one is about to get married and have a goal of giving birth .
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemmas .
There are more , intangible advantages that could support the idea of informing the relatives once the result is known after the test is conducted .
In conclusion . In order to avoid family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his relatives .
The benefits from doing so outweigh its disadvantages .
Recently , more support must be given through different means to give a better way when one is standing at the junction whether one should himself or herself inform the relatives .
A decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by individuals at risk for disorders .
It is the common law in society .
However , it leads to a new problem : should a carrier of a known genetically modified material be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
" This issue has been discussed for a long time .
However , there is still a diversity of points of view among the people .
Thus , he is going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is " should or should not " .
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I would be anxious about my family members when they tell me that they are the carriers of a known genetic risk " .
, the intention of the carriers who do not want to tell their family members is to continue their own lives without the anxiety of family .
It is obvious that it will better for a person to be worried than many .
However , many carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges of being by themselves .
With the family 's support , there must be more energy to protect the demon .
Demon is not easy to be defeated by , and it needs a lot of energy and psychological support .
Families give you the courage and support which you can not retrieve yourself .
those are the most essential elements to overcome these challenges .
Moreover , the risk of known genetic diseases is so serious that it could not be described .
This seriousness can be larger than we imagine .
Learning on a bed for the remaining life , and even dying immediately , these are consequences which we can not imagine .
Families are the most important in our life .
Without their concerns and support , we are hard to spend until this time .
They play an important role in our life which can not be substituted .
A known genetic risk can also affect our next generation critically .
Therefore , it is our responsibility to tell relatives to prevent an occurrence of undesired consequences .
Generally , the clinic or the hospital will not tell the carrier 's families without the agreement of carrier .
It is the ethics of the staff at a hospital to keep the secrets of patients secret .
We can not blame them for not being liable for undesired consequences .
In addition , hospitals can provide councilor to advise the carrier about the action that will be taken .
Therefore , this kind of circumstances wo n't happen again and again .
It is a way that benefits both parties , which is a win-win situation .
In conclude , a carrier of a know genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk .
However , there are some special cases that are hard to solve .
Thus , advising from hospitals plays an important role in this .
Carrier is responsible to balance his or her own interest and the benefits of family and even society .
It was a hard decision to make but with the most appropriate way to do so , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and the family in the future .
Using genetic testing as an alternative to a genetic disorder , many individuals have done the decision to undergo genetic testing .
Because of the nature of the results , if the tests are done once the tests are done , each person that is diagnosed as being a genetic risk carrier faces an ethical problem . They should warn their relatives of risking becoming the same genetic risk carrier .
Or , they will choose to keep silent until the next carrier has been diagnosed .
In the opinion of my , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives , with the support of the following reasons :
First of all , from the angle of human rights , genetic risk carriers should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
This diagnosis can be regard as a kind of privacy to carriers .
They might not want this truth to influence their lives or want to keep it a secret and others do n't know about it .
This is reasonable since exposure to the truth of being a carrier may make them discriminate against or sympathize with others , which is not positive factors in their lives .
Secondly , relatives of a carrier could also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the diagnosis of a carrier .
When people want to check if they are genetic risk carriers , they can go to their doctor to consult about them .
When they do not want tothink too much about it , and view it as a problem , they just ignore that possibility .
However , if a depressed carrier is obligated to teach his or her relatives , the relatives should be forced to know their higher chance of being a genetic risk carriers .
These obey their own desire as they have to accept the truth , which may be making their life miserable .
Many people argue that setting an obligation may help more people who are relatives of the carriers , save their lives with larger opportunities because of the early diagnosis .
However , this is not exactly true when other factors including psychological influence and social influence , are taken into consideration .
If one such relative is told that he or she may have a higher risk of getting sick , we may be scared of an unknown life , partners , spouse and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happend , which means the relatives ' lives may be ruined .
On The other hand , as stated above , a person who wanted to confirm and has been preparedto face the result can choose to do genetic testing individually .
in a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to decide whether or not to tell his relatives of a known genetic risk .
These can be accepted from the point of view of human rights , freedom of acceptance of relatives as well as many other social reasons .
Otherwise , making them an obligation would restrict the choice of carrier and create a lot of confusion for their relatives .
For an individual with a genetic disorder to know whether he or she is a carrier , it causes a greater dilemma rather than cause the disorder .
I agree that the carrier of a known genetic risk is obliged to tell his or her relatives .
here are four reasons why people should n't be shy and share their problems regarding genetic disorders .
Secondly , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions , physically by actions to reduce the chance of his or her being inherited by offspring and mentally , if the action fails to prevent it being inherited .
Some syndrome , such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome could be prevented if the mother were to undergo proper medication and not take harmful good treatment during her pregnancy .
That information may not have been known by the mother if she did n't tell her relatives regarding the situation .
more people ( relatives ) know her problems . More information is provided .
If all efforts have been made , but children still suffer from the syndrome , then the family has to accept this fact and do everything they can to bring a good environment for their child 's growth .
This is not the parents ' fault because there is still a chance of their gene being inherited .
So , people also have to prepare mentally .
Secondly , genetic diseases cost strongly for the treatment and medications .
albinism is one example .
People with albinia have sensitive skin and it needs regular treatment .
Unity is like people with a high proportion of skin pigment and people with albinism are prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
If they do n't treat their body well , such as by playing with sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in the outdoors , the chances are good so that they will get skin problems which may also lead to cancer .
Once you 're suffering from cancer , the medication costs are very expensive .
To prevent a bigger problem happening , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
If the carrier does n't tell his or her relatives , it will be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and might lead to serious health problems .
One of the medicines is sickle cell trait .
Generally , people are not aware if they carrying the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problems such as blood blockage .
If parents known that one of them was a carrier and had to disclose information to their relatives , they could then bring their children to undergo genetic testing and not need to be shy about it because it is for the sake of their children 's health .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to give mental boost to their children with genetic disorders .
When their children become teenagers , a lot of social problems may arise .
People and friends are often mocked by your conditions .
A strong mental condition and conviction must be building from within and from the closest places .
If not their family then who else is willing to do that ?
It is not a bad job for family if they have prepared their minds first by disclosing information about the possibilities that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder .
In this modern world , the technology has improved a lot compared to the last century .
In particular , in the medical field , there is a great improvement in the treatments for many formal incurable diseases , and genetic testing has been one of the methods which were used to diagnose an individual at risk from a genetic disorder .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who was at risk of a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethics dilemma becomes breed .
The question is whether the carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
To be honest , the employee of a known genetic risk will have to tell his or her relatives about this .
This was because his or her relatives have the right to know about that .
Many people realize that a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives . That is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder . This means that other family members also have almost the same risk as one of the relatives of another person . Therefore , this problem needs to be treated seriously by families .
Every family members has their own human right to know what is coming on with them .
If they did not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how could this explain their right ?
For instance , John was informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetically modified disorder , but he does not tell his sibling , James about this .
Although telling James about this is horrible , to some extent , he should know what will likely be going on for him .
This could be beneficial to his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
The next reason is that telling relatives can raise the awareness of having a similar genetic disorder and prevent certain genetic disorders from happening to them .
Yoga disorders are innate , but the great improvements of medical treatment make it possible for human to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
In addition , doctors usually quote a statement : " Prevention is better than caution " . This gives us an idea that preventing a disorder happening has far more advantages than treating it .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnose a genetic disorder for a person . Therefore , it may make the prevention of a certain disorder possible .
For example , hyperience is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
People aware of having such a disorder can prevent it from happening by adopting a healthy lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and having at least 30 minutes every day .
To sum them up , the carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to told his or her relatives .
This is their human right to know about those , and this may also have saved their lives by preventing this disappearing .
Since the advancement of technology over the past decade , medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly upgraded , empower doctors with advanced medical knowledge , doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life . However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , the question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives becomes a challenging issue to both patient and doctor , I feel the strong urge to inform patients about their obligation .
As they are genetically rich , patients next to them might have a high chance of carrying the rich . Hence , the need to inform their relatives is important , so that the necessary prevention actions might be taken before unforeseen circumstances occurs , if you have a child . Unfortunately , you are suffering from a genetic disease . The genetic trait must be passed on to the next generation , and if you have a childrens , hence by letting your family members know she would reduce family stresses and suffers from complications . However , you would have to reduce children 's genetic problems and risk of relating to patients who have access to the drugs . However , she has no reason to lose privacy , she can ask doctors to disclose information on her own information about her .
However , , there are still people against the decision to reveal private information . In the case of Alzheimer patients , it is up to patients ' own choice to disclose potentially negative impact to family members ( Downs Today,2012 ) . Research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who.How and whom Alzheimer 's disease will / will be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact on family members ( Dementia Today,2012 ) . There are associations providing help to alzheimer patients , like the Alzheimer 's Society ( Alzheimers Associations . ) , and although every family member might not receive support , every one of their patients might need help from , and possibly one of every person might need it .
In conclusion , the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that to what extent a doctor opts to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease , and in which case it is open to patients ' decisions , the state could also encourage them to set up assistance schemes to give necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to have more acceptance of their own health and family members . Although it may face challenges from social ethical issues,, in the long term , with appropriate encouragement from the government , more individuals would have the right to have different views and to take care of their own health and to protect loved ones .
Nowadays , study in the genetic field has went further and further due to the high-vintage technological advancement .
Nothing long ago , the human genome project began , sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) .
In stark contrast , in the field of genetic testing , which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder , as the technology was very mature already , an even more popular topic exists .
Whereas most people agree that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic tests or not , they have different stands of whether it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the results with his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the patients , who have some known genetic risk , are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
Admittly , it is a social obligation for people to be responsible for their lives .
To the whole of society , it is a duality .
Take H1N1 . As an example , everyone in Singapore including students at school , travelers at China Airport , workers in offices and passengers on the street are forced by law to take their heat and report the result to the relevant government authorities .
To anyone who cared about them , it is also a moral obligation .
how can they not tell their loves who they really are , and get their loved ones in danger ?
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and loves each other with no doubt .
Without confidence and love , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Hence , it is essential to tell family members of the risk of a genetic disorder , both as a social responsibility and a favor , for conserving family basics .
Moreover , telling their family members , the truth is the fastest and easiest way of getting their support .
Without assistance from loved ones , a patients ' life would not be any better than death 's .
Family members , as one of the closest groups of people for whom they can feel comfort , are a crucial factor to them successfully getting through any possible problems as a result of a genetic disorder .
A study out of New York University in 2010 found that patients with family members around generally recover 2 - 4 days faster than those taking care of by professional nurses .
Even for those patients with terminals diseases , the duration of their survival is 30 00% longer due to family support .
Some people say that telling the truth might raise some unnecessary concerns and panics , which will endanger the family harmony .
When every family needs to go through this or that kind of troublesome situation , the more problems that the family is troubled with , the bigger a bond will be established between family members , as well as greater trust , love and understanding .
Consequently , for a family in whom every member truly believes in each other and loving each other , all these problems are just testaments to making them stronger .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson , whatever does n't kill you , makes you stronger .
Being in Asia where genetic testing is not common practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient , whether they want to tell his or her relatives about his / her diseases .
Using courage to undergo the genetic testing and not to inform their relatives about the risk that it may result in people being judgmental while actually it is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
Furthermore , since it is a person 's gene that is affected , he has a right to determine with whom he wants to share information with .
Nevertheless , since I feel that the carrier should not be obliged to tell his or her relatives about the genetic danger , I would like to suggest that the person should , at least , share this information with his or her potential partner ( husband or wife ) because the individual 's genetic risk may affect the future of their children .
many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic diseases and many of them will most likely judge or , at least , differentiate those who do have genetic diseases since they feel that the patients are abnormal and 'weird' .
This is because many genetic diseases can be related to those such as a bubble-Boy disease , autism or down-syndrome .
In those diseases , many who are affected actually do have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases .
While we do know we should not discriminate against them based on their limitations , many people still deal with it with it or without them realizing it .
In this particular issue , we are discussing about whether a person should tell his relatives about having a RISK of a particular genetic illness .
He says that it is normal for people to demand fair and similar treatment as others and that , , therefore , it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves when some people judge them or treat them differently . Many people really love to listen to what they want to heard , and , therefore , they can just ignore the word 'risk ' and assume that a person has suffered from a disease .
For example , to prevent that from happening , I do think it is up to the person to decide whether they want to share information with his family since his family may both be paranoid , judge them , and act differently .
Especially when it is just a risk , the option is really his since he is not an actual sufferer .
Although there may be some people who say that it is necessary to say to the family members that there is a risk , some of them may be affected , and I do think that this view has one point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case .
maybe we can trust our immediate family members . But can we really trust all the other relatives ?
Furthermore , since the genetic risk for genetic disease is a very personal event , it is up to the person 's to tell the relatives about it .
However , like I said earlier , it is better for a person to at least tell him about the potential risk to his or her future partner , since his genetic risk may affect his children later .
This information needs to be at least acknowleda by the other party before it decides whether they are married or have children .
There can be possibilities when both the husband and wife are careers , and therefore , they will not have any children since their child may not be able to survive even after they are born .
Maybe in a less extreme case , the child may be disabilised .
This information does play a character in family planning matters . Therefore , although no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk to anyone , anyone should be encouraged to tell them to their future partner .
In conclusion , whether or not the carrier wanted to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk , the choice is his , because it was his own genes and he had the full rights of them .
He might have different considerations other than due to the judgement of people or it may result in making his family worry about nothing when it thinks of whether he should tell his relatives about it . No matter what choice he makes , we need to respect it and we have no rights in saying that he must tell his relatives about it .
We all know that life is priseless and we have no right to judge the person 's death .
With the advent of technology , a new way of life is at risk of being detected .
Genetic expression refers to the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease .
Therefore a entirely new dilemma is born : should a carrier of known genetic risk be obligated to tell his / her relatives ?
This essay will discuss the reasons why relatives have been informed that their children have genetic risk .
It seems one of the reasons that the parents should be informed of a child 's genetic risk is that they have to decide whether they are capable of raising a child .
The child with a genetic risk may not have the ability to do his or her job , to build up family with others and most of the time , they are not acceptable to the majority .
They are unable to enjoy the normal people .
Here is cruel to those who are not able to survive .
parents and relatives have to work longer than they expected and work endlessly to foster their child if she is n't able to foster her own .
The situation may become worse if a child has diseases like cancer or heart disease . That means parents will have another heavy baggage , named medication fees .
Not only will the child but the entire family suffer too .
He said it is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that can not work and may suffer the pain in their entire life .
The other reason that parents have to know a baby is because it is a genetic risk is for the nation 's good .
There is always a newspaper report that a new birth baby has been abandoned at a hospital after they realized the baby have diseases that need a huge amount of money for security .
In countries like Singapore , they lack manpower to contribute to the nation .
But , every year , the government has to spend a lot to help the disabled such as medical subsidies and building special schools to educate them .
With the increasing number of disabled in a nation , the government is able to concentrate on development in other ways , like military service and education .
As citizens of a nation , they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways .
Moreover , , in the world we live in today , many miscarriages are made at hospitals every day .
It is easy for users to accept it morally .
Therefore , I believe parents have the right to know the health of their children .
Many people may support a theory that people have the right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will people really enjoy their lives if they have to stay at the hospital every day and with all the needlework and endless pain ?
Parents know how good it is to their children . Thus they will make the right decision after being informed about what they have done .
Moreover , human beings should improve their medical field in order to prevent tragedies happening .
I do n't think a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell one 's relatives .
genetic testing is a personal choice .
One would have the full control of his or her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to someone else .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have children , they are going to run a few tests and see whether they have any genetic diseases .
The results are disclosed to husbands and wives .
It is not the case with me talking about here .
The most obvious reason for those who argue about this opinion is that relatives of carriers are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
They have a right to know whether they are at risk .
Also , telling them the result can largely reduce the cost for multiple testing .
they can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease .
If the person has the disease C , that might be the result of Gene A .
He ran a test and learned that he had the gene AA .
This meant both of his parents had gene A and they are both at high risk of having disease C. They could save on the cost of running two separate tests to see whether he is at a high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test , he knows that he has AA .
This mean one of his parents has gene A and one of the costs of testing can be saved .
His relatives can then take measures , whether this disease can some way be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
However this can also be achieved through personal choice .
One can choose to tell one 's relatives about it if they are at risk .
Although most people care about their relatives , if there is no serious consequence to telling them , I think most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
One might also choose to ask certain relatives to run a gene test to see if they are concerned about negative consequences that come across when they disclose their genetic test results .
The consequences of such actions are possible negative for those who might face if they disclose genetic results to their relatives .
When a person is obliged to tell him or her relatives , he or she will be discriminated against by those who do not carry this gene .
We might even advise a woman not to get married or have child .
For example , even if an unmarried person has a gene named Aa and a gene is sufficient for a very serious illness .
After he took the test and was obliged to tell his relatives , everyone realized that he was a carrier .
So , all married couples go to run a test and know they are not carriers . They might seriously see them as different and worry that he will find the wife who will carry this gene as well .
Firstly , it is hard to define relatives .
If a gene is in the family , one of the family members tests positive , whom does they need to tell ?
If it was a big family , he would have been obliged to tell everyone ?
spouses usually have very close relations , if someone A tells his family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows him and tells his wife D , that he needs to run a test , because his cousin has this disease .
However , wives ' D is not even at risk of having these diseases .
Then the wife D could tell her mother , who likes to gossip on her way to the theatre .
In less than a week , half of the town has known someone who has a risked gene , and his family might have been a genetically risked family .
Then nobody wants to get married with A or her relatives .
This is an important consequence if one does not have full control of his or her information , especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a possibility large group of relatives .
In conclusion , an individual should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
A person at a known genetic risk must be obligated to tell his or his relatives
These days , people not only pursue the comfort of their own life , but also better development of their future generations .
Since the technology of modern society is so advanced , it has become possible for people to make a decision about taking genetic tests so that they can be clear whether or not they carry a genetic risk which could affect their next generation .
The debatable question ; an ethical dilemma , is that are people responsible for talking about their relatives that might carry a known genetic risk ?
In my opinion , the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite obvious .
And there are two basic reasons for that .
The first is the importance of being responsible for your self-willingness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the future generations .
The awareness of your relatives , and families , about your genetic risk is good for the self - wellness and health of your relatives .
Because if you are carries that genetic risk , then there is the great possibility that your relatives , like parents and siblings , will carry the same genetic risk as well .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
if you have n't undergone the genetic testing , it is just odd and fatal to know what would happen to you and your relatives .
However , If you have undergone and known that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you should at least try to be alert to prevent getting the disease .
Those in your family who are more likely to be affected , can go to the hospital to do the checks regularly .
Therefore , telling families and their relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even protect yourself from it is their responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also responsible for your future generations telling the truth about you being a career of a genetic risk .
You might not know the truth and , if your wife gives birth to the baby , you will be able to carry the same genetic risk as your child .
Be a parent , you 're not responsible for your future , since you allow genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and are aware of it .
However , if you are telling the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance to have children or not .
And if you still decide to have a baby , since the technology has been developed to make it so advanced it might be possible in the future to have the application of altering genes perfected and widely used . You could then choose to give birth to babies in the future , giving them a brighter future .
Is it the responsibility of being a parent ?
And , in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing in the first place .
In conclusion , once you 've undergone genetic testing and have become aware of carrying any specific genetic risk , there are responsibilities towards your relatives , yourselves , and the following generations by telling you relatives and families the truth .
To explain or not to tell
Considering the case , we decided to undergo genetic testing and find out the result .
We found that we actually are genetic risk carriers .
then it becomes troublesome whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
There are really a lot of things we need to consider .
Every choice we had made may have a huge impact on their whole life .
As a result , what we should do ?
Tell them or keep this secret till we die ?
Many people feel that they should tell our relatives since we really care about their health .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
Once we find out we were carrying this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell your family members , because they may carry it as well .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their usual habits , like eating less sugar - - contained food and keeping in a good mood .
And it is important for the young people .
The earlier we tell them , the better the habit they will have of getting rid of and better for the rest of their lives .
Furthermore , they may have to undergo a genetic test to see whether they carry it or not , and what is also better for them .
However some people may argue why we want to interfere with their lives .
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news , especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease , which is untreatable .
Imagine that you are living like a normal person but suddenly , one day , your relative will tell you that there are some possibilities that you might encounter some illness in the future . What kind of feeling are you going to have ?
It may affect us daily lives and we think about it every day .
We are becoming so anxious that we can not focus on anything .
At the same time , there will also be a chance that the genetic test result is not true , which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so , actually , we are causing trouble for them .
Personally , I feel that we should take responsibility for telling them about the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to make it a positive way .
We can not let it go .
We should know that , although we may affect their lives , we will still let them make the correct choices in the future .
If only after we tell them , will they start to pay attention to their health .
They would consider giving birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and will start finding ways to try to prevent their babies from being at risk as well .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
After we tell them , they will probably go for it and learn more about themselves .
I know it will have a huge impact on them , but we should know that they are our loved ones . We need to say to them and help them .
A genetic risk carrier should be obliged to tell
Genetic testing would be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be optional with his or her relatives has caused extensive social controversy .
some say it is a type of invasion of privileges by carriers and should be protected .
He or her has the right not to say anything to anyone .
However , , In my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetically motivated disease to tell his or her relatives about his / her actual situation .
This essay will illustrate two differences .
Firstly , it can be an alert to the family members of the patient and make them aware of possible disease that they may also have .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers can pass on genetics to their family members .
If a person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic materials , other members of his or her family will also have the risk of getting the disease .
Some of the diseases might not show symptoms before the carrier is old enough .
Therefore , telling relatives about the situation may help prevent a lot of trouble and save a lot of time for proper treatment .
Some days life may even be saved if they are told quickly and do timely treatment .
So , for the consideration of the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Second , it can prevent a genetic disease being passed to the next generation when they intend to have children .
They must let their spouse know his or her situation before marriage .
You need to ask for your doctor 's help before you plan to have a baby .
Some genetically modified genes would pass only to boys rather than girls . Some would in the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another person may have the risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
I noticed a real story in the newspaper years ago .
A couple in China have a 5 year - old son .
Their man unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosed with a different kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
They had been told that the wife 's family was carrying the genetic disorder and could pass only to boys , rather than girls .
That 's why their son inherited the genetic disease .
However , the wife actually already knew about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and her husband did not tell him .
Her son died after one year of treatment . The couple got a divorce later after that .
If the wife did n't hide the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they have their baby , the tragedy would not happen .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility for telling his or her relatives .
In addition , it could tell members of the carrier 's family about possible illness they may have and can perform treatment in time if possible .
Furthermore , the disease may pass to the next generation if a carrier hides the truth .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do genetic testing .
We can not deny that genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face the disorder problem .
However , I felt that genetic information is one person 's personal privacy , and should be protect by the law .
Therein lies the point : I thought a well - known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives .
The following three reasons are as follows :
Firstly , the information concerning the genetic system is something personal , like a person 's bank card key .
Other people should not be asked to live without the person 's permission , even though it is his or her families or relatives ' .
The government should set a law to protect this kind of privacy .
Once people 's genetic information is shared by other people .
You should know about a person 's potentially disabling diseases or other bad things .
They may assign a bias to this person even abandonment of him or her .
People did not have the ability to choose their genes , and they should not be thought of badly because of the poor genes .
Therefore , I think that no matter what the genetic genetic test is or whether the genes are a match with their parents , they should not be told to anyone , even to their families or relatives .
Thirdly , a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family or break the relationship between children with adults .
Once his family or relatives have known that , they do not have a relationship with him .
no matter how happy they were before , a barrier would appear that would truly destroy their family gradually .
Remember , the relationship between the parents and the children should not be tested only in the genetic way ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
Prients give knowledge and love to children , while they feel happy with their children 's company .
Children rely on parents to live .
When they are grown up , they take care of their old parents and are grateful for their dedication .
The relation between parents and children is something about love and dedications .
Not everyone wants to see a scene with a broken family as the carrier of a known genetic risk .
I think a known genetic risk should n't be obliged to tell his or his family or relatives without the person ` s permission .
Finally , the technology of testing the gene is not very mature now .
There also exists a probability of wrong testing .
If the wrong testing is not found by doctors , the family and the children may be sad and struggle for their whole lives .
Therefore , I think a person who knows the genetic risk should not be obligated to talk to his and her family or relatives .
Therefore , considering people 's privacy and the existence of inappropriate testing , I support the argument that a person with known genetic risks should not be obliged to tell his or herself family or relatives without the person 's permission .
The Carrier of the known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell A His or Her Relatives
More and more illnesses are being discovered to be related to some genes related to the development of medical technology .
People will know more about whether they carry a disease in their genes after they have done the genetic testing .
If there was n't a problem , it would n't be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky so they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes .
Therefore , once people find they have carried the disease genes they should be responsible to tell their relatives , or at least family members .
It may be awkward and embarassing for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a career of a known genetic risk .
But they are all from one family and have the same forefather , so of course they own the same genes in some part .
But there is nothing to be shy about or be afraid of .
If the person asks their relatives whether they carry a disease , his or her relatives can go to the hospital to check whether they also have a disease .
Then the relatives can prepare them to prevent disease occurring .
Also , they can prevent the disease from infecting their offspring .
If relatives carry that disease gene . They can share that experience with him or her and give some help . They will also teach them how to communicate with others about this issue .
If he or she is not married , he or she must tell him or her partner that they carry a disease gene .
Thus , they could have a healthy baby with the help of doctors .
And more importantly , if he holding back the genetic risk , they may have an unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or end their marriage .
There was a story I watched on TV .
The couple did not have a child after they married for a long time . Their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to check into what was the problem .
After coming back from the hospital the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so that they would not have a baby in their lifetimes .
The woman did not know the test result , but she overheard her talk and decided to divorce her husband .
After getting the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test 's report ; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man .
At that time , the woman know how much her husband loved her ; but she ruins her happiness .
Tears showed nothing .
Some people can not avoid carrying the disease genes in which they were born .
However , it can be prevented by disease genes from being given to children .
Proving that their relatives are at risk of carrying a disease gene could make family members bond closely and also many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
Genetic testing has become a useful way to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder .
However , there is a family-related ethical dilemma regarding whether it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results have been known .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the rights to know the result .
The answer is , simply that everyone , especially our family , has a right to know the truth .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to test results , while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist , the consequences will be significant if other members of your family do not know about it .
They are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and emotional preparations .
From Angele Jolie , for example , she is famous but she has still revealed the truth about her genetic testing to help her develop her breast cancer .
Everything is not that bad if you know what to look for on the bright side of hope .
People may feel angry , depressed , and even guilty of their results .
In some cases , one carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the other 's risk somehow .
However , I believe there is just a usual reaction to this situation .
In addition , it can be possible that he or she and his family can undergo specific discrimination in unemployment and in their social life . How can people face more dramatic mysteries such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation ?
Life is hard but people can not blame it on being unfair .
But it is just because of that you have not become strong enough to overlook the hard times .
Secondly , living with a secret is not a good sensation . Especially if the situation of other relatives becomes worse , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Moreover , the truth could not be hidden forever but when it is revealed , the more shocked and upset it is .
As a result , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives to tell them the genetic test result is needed .
Last . But not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling your family the results can improve your and develop understanding and sympathy of each other as well as promote awareness about taking care of everyone 's health .
That plays an important role in the possibilities that relatives can overcome the discrimination of society and anxiety about risks .
To put it in a nutshell , I believe that people should have an obligation to say something to their relatives about the genetic testing result for the health of their children .
It may be very difficult for them , but necessary for the careers and their family .
Furthermore , emotional preparations and the way you explain your genetic status are also important so that you can convey the correct information to your friends and relatives and if necessary , to guide them if hers wishes to conduct a similar genetic test .
The Impact of Social Media
Social media plays a important role in our lives today .
It is almost impossible for us to keep things that way .
I became involved with Facebook one year ago , when I had just arrived in Singapore .
And now I have more than 500 friends on Facebook and buried me with hundreds of seeds every day .
We get to know each other 's status , changes and so on through social media .
For example , when we change our contact numbers , we will not send SMS to each individual anymore .
In exchange , we would post a seed and tag our friends to inform them about these kinds of changes .
And if you are not in it , you will just get lost .
In certain aspects , social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience .
It becomes even more convenient when talking over the phone , since it is free .
We discuss everything we like and we have more personnel space . Our friends also have more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
And also , we get a chance to talk to public people who are popular stars and know their lives better .
In China , a lot of governmental organizations have opened blogs to communicate with people like firefighters , police stations and so on .
The Socia media allows them to explain to or inform people what is going on .
Besides , a lot of rescuing jobs are done , with the help of media like looking for people to get lost and so on .
With more convenient and human communications , the relationship between the government and people has largely improved .
What 's more , variations of cultures can be shown to us through the social media .
We can get to know news and cultures through sociable media .
From this point , social media has shorten our distance .
However , we have fewer opportunities and less importance of talking face to face , since social media is so convenient , advanced , and interesting .
And so , even though we gather together more people find themselves with less topics to talk about than before and choose to dig through their social media again .
When they are far away , social media makes them as we are in front of each other . Sometimes when we are by each others ' side , we seem to be further away .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationships more stable , secure and reliable than before .
And , there are more people shewing their pictures of yummy foods or a travelling experience .
To a certain extent , this makes our lives more luxurious and blundering away .
For me , I am going to go to some places after I saw those beautiful pictures , taken by my friend .
Sometimes I can only sleep well because of excitement .
Social media make our lives patten so fast and leave us less time to think about our life .
The societal media is becoming more important and we need to think more about making it serve us better and better .
Interprivate skills , like any other skills , require practice .
Besides that , these skills require time to develop and adapt .
The burgeoning of social media defines a stint as having its own stint , but amongst all good things , it is better to have it in moderation .
Investment and efficiency are two very important uses of social media .
While millions of users are connected at any one time , no information is readily available at their perusal .
This improves the connection between the users .
For example , one is unable to send notifications or any other information we use to get in hardcopies prior to entering the website and the process takes seconds .
The receipenter will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
This covenience can be percieved as almost in realtime .
Next , communication has also greatly improved .
In the past , there has been vast communication on one of many telephone lines , snail maps , and poor-quality voice calls .
With the welcoming of applications such as Skype and Facebook , an individual can phase out most aspects of olden - days communication methods .
Aside from hearing the voice , a webcamera could also be affixed to emulate 'real ' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Communication could have taken a different turn without the easily available social media .
, It is a good practice not to intessively use social media all the time .
Intimate interaction lacks a lot of social media interactions , particularly touches .
Being able to meet and interact with one another for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient .
It is a level of dynamic interaction which utilizes motor thinking and the verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done through thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessary part of the skills required for a proper interpersonal relationship .
There is also completely incorrect about failing social media alone because of lack of interpersonal skills .
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligence amongst people and stated that Interpersonal Intelligence is a way to learn on its own - some have it , some do not .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in acagdance of utilising tests and rank .
Furdamentally , those who scored in lower rankings for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble upon this skill if needed .
Although the social media is not necessarily bad , it should be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
The types they use must also be taken to include note of - information , interviews , discussion , and others .
The position of separation between the parties must also be looked at .
For people who live very far from one another , the intensive use of social media is justified .
For those who live within the community , we should , at least , meet up with each other and not use social media as the primary source of communication to each other .
And at the same time , improved interpersonal skills through dynamic practices betwwen individuals and realtime presence .
Inclusion of the intimate presence and related touch could also bring better rapport between those interacting .
Recently , the rise of social media helped people to have closer connection with each other . It is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings .
In my opinion , social media websites , such as Twitter and Facebook , will not effect the chance for people to get face - to - face contact and will thus negatively affect interpersonal skills .
But on the other hand , it could even increase the chances of having face to face contact numbers with people .
First , media networks have a lot of user base , it helps to link people from different parts of the world .
Nowadays , without the media , people may not have the chance to get to know others from different countries or ones they had never met before .
Their number is limited to the people they meet in daily life , like classmates and working partners .
Therefore , social networks bring more and more connections between people . They may also have a chance to charge people they have never heard of before , and this helps to develop their interpersonal skills .
Secondly though social networking takes time for people to chat online , not face to face . They may still decide to spend time online to meet each others ' faces in daily life .
In that case , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talking .
For example , even if social networking does not exist , the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is very time - consuming . Even sometimes with business that is not so important , it still takes a lot of time to travel , which is a waste .
Also , social networks make meeting and chatting much easier . They can even use video chats and create group chats in order to chat with people at multiple parties .
Now , some companies even conduct online video interviews with their customers , as it saves both time and cost .
Social network may also create some negative impacts for people .
The biggest positive impact is that , due to the online network , some people have started to spend time using and relying on the internet every minute .
They take too much time to use online social networking and thus , do not have the time to have their daily meeting with people in real life .
This not only affects interpersonal skills but it is also bad for a person 's health if they spend too much time on the media .
Secondly , the social network may leak certain personal information to the public , and as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively . Sometimes , some people may use other private information to deceive .
Finally , although an unsafe online environment , spending so much time on the Internet , may be the potentially negative factors to using online social networks .
It provides people with more comfortable contact environments and improves the frequency of meeting with each other .
It also lets people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chatting .
Overall , they have more benefits than the cost .
The world is increasing and it is becoming flat on all kinds of social networks ' websites , such as Facebook and Twitter .
We can still know what a friend who leaves for a thousand miles away eats for lunch though these kinds of media .
From some points of view , social activity really has a lot of advantages by letting us communicate with friends less cheaply and more conveniently .
However , its advantages also can not be indicated when you consider it to be a platform to show off and a stage for cyber - crime .
A social network site provides us with so much convenience .
If you are hanging out with friends or talking with friends by phone , you can learn about his or her latest news by scanning a webpage .
It helped us learn more from each other .
It can make people become closer as well .
For example , if you find out one of your friend ' s favourite singers is Justin Biber through Facebook , you can give the singer Justin Biber 's new album or a concert ticket as a birthday gift .
It will be really sweet and you will surely get closer .
In addition , a social networking site could help you keep in touch with friend who lives very far away .
I have met some canadian friends in Egypt .
Without Facebook , we may have lost contact .
In addition , thanks to Facebook , I can still keep in touch with them , and I know what they are doing recently as we stay close to each other .
The disadvantages of social networking media are quite undeniable .
Research shows that people unconsciously hide his or her real thoughts when they say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
It means that one can not know another 's real ideas and personalities by reading things that he or she puts on social networking media .
It will make him or her quite upset when they communicate in real life .
In addition , with all those " nice " guys near on the social network website , one may neglect people surrounding him or her , but just communicate with friends on Facebook .
A common scenario is that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk to each other , but just look at their cellphone .
This kind of behaviour is not good for people 's psychological health according to a study .
Cyber communication is quite different to face - to - face communications , and people who depend on cyber communication too much are not used to real - life communication .
In addition , a cyber relationship can not always work in real life .
We have no close relationship in real life , only close cyber friends . One is more likely to feel lonely because the physiological needs of human beings is to feel the bond with others in our five senses .
With people keen to become the best of others , social networking sites now become places to show off .
Some people try to post expensive things or the places they are interested in overseas and get a feel of satisfaction with doing so on the social network .
It is a mental illness and it may trigger people , especially teenagers , to become material .
And last but not least , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social networking page , it is convenient for criminal to make use of this information to commit crime .
Above all , the social networking site is a two - sided knife and people can only take advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it ; such as putting little personal information on his or her facebook page .
The mode of communication has changed over the years , from letter writing to social network .
These phenomena are caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication becoming faster than never before .
Todaysocial media websites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within contemporary society ; and now people can communicate with each other online or off - line , on these social networking platforms .
They can make even new friends over similar interests in these platforms , and will be able to connect with almost everyone in many parts of the world .
However , critics may argue that the existence of social media sites have reduced physical human interactions among people , as they would prefer sit in front of a computer and go out and meet new friends .
This essay will discussing both the benefits and downsides of using social media in contemporary society .
Nowadays , media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media .
There are about 50 percent of the people who have learnt about breaking news from media .
These are due to people spending comparatively more time on Social Network than time on reading newpapers .
Furthermore using current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites , which has made it easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has helped the masses by equipping them with an important tool to disseminate information almost immediately to the people around them .
But , critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated is reliable .
There must be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb , which spread through Twitter and Facebook .
This has caused a panic among the people who have flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls and this has resulted in temporary closures of schools .
The spread of false information can be a potential psychology threat to everyone ; given that sociable media can disseminate information at a rationally fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber police officers who roam around these social networks to prevent these hoaxies from spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites , despite high security , controlling almost every media network .
Social media are able to improve relations and make new friendships , provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between two parties .
Many of the teenagers today claim that they are unable to keep in touch with their friends via social media , no matter their location .
In the past , people used to write documents to their friends and it would take a relatively long time to send them all .
There, with the help of technology , people are able to catch up with each other conveniently .
In addition , it will be easy to make new friends and find someone who has similar interest or hobbies .
In order for people to maintain their relationship , as well as to make new friends , it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties .
It might not be accurate to judge an other party 's feelings over the social media as one may cover up one 's emotions while on social media .
Also , there are also opportunities for people to miscommunicate with others , as they can not sense The tone of the other party on a social media platform .
This will resulted in unnecessary conflict between two parties through miscommunication .
But , if there was trust and mutual understanding in social media , it would have been ideal for people to improve relationships and make new friends .
In conclusion , social media in contemporary society is able to help one improve one 's relationship and make new friends , also , disseminate information efficiently to the masses .
However , there are risks from false information and chances of miscommunication .
Furthermore , the advantages of social mediation will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taking care of .
After all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in the future .
Avantage : Social media sites have greatly eased long - distance communication and interaction for accessibility and convenience .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platforms for social interaction .
With only one touch away from any mida/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends , without much hassle .
So , a long distance relationship or friendship that can be insisted and keeping in touch with your circle of friends is made much easier .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of one 's own personal feelings or experience and being able to respond to these posts , they allow human interaction to be engage and expand with ease .
Introduced to people or those who are shy enough to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of word via social media .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilization of such social media platforms . Meet-ups and appointment are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
The society would adapt to such phenomenon as physical interaction are transformed into cyber interactions .
By frequent usage and reliance on social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber - optics will become more advanced and adapted to a highly - connected world .
This will greatly help a society to progress quickly .
Directions : One of the main concerns about using the social media 's platform to communicate is credibility .
As media limits this physical interaction , aside from using a webcam to chat can not be proven physically .
It can not be certain for sure about the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we receive through the internet .
We may in actual fact communicate a hoax Facebook account of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real , but in reality , it is a fake account .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile pages can be fabricated to suit a certain personal 's agenda .
Nevertheless , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Alcons can be used to show certain emotion , this differentiates from the real authentic emotions of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression .
The danger of this type of media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to the lack of physical interaction .
Moreover , this lack of physical interaction has affected human inter- personal behaviour , since communication is done through social media instead of meeting up .
This lowers the experience of human ability to interact with one another which can adversely shape one 's behaviour .
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans with people does not create the confidence and skill needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , there is a need for an effective and efficient society , which needs to have a balance between social medium interaction and de face-to-facial human interactions among its people .
Nowadays , people will even use their phones to read the the news and people will be first to see witnesses to what is happening in the world .
People used Twitter to follow the artist or celebrity they love , and Facebook to see what is their friends ' recent activity .
Still , they can use a phone to do normal call and message contact .
Not only did they do the job on the phone , but they did so using devices like a personal computer , laptop and tablet , as well , many other devices which were able to connect to the internet .
However , it is obvious to see that the internet saves people 's time and also connects people globally .
Each of the arguments being made regarding social media actually has some inevitable disadvantages for people .
People can only use electrical devices to access the internet .
Whenever people need to use social media , they have to use phones or the internet .
Usually , people will need their eyes to look at the display screen of their phones or computers and fingers to manipulate corresponding devices .
as a result , they will lose sight of contact and hands expressing their feelings to people nearby them , which means we have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact .
This can be easily saw in restaurants or cafes nowadays .
A family of four are having dinners in a restaurant without any chatting , because they 're holding onto and looking at their display screen with one hand when their other hand is holding a fork .
Some people have a lot of tea without chatting as well , because they do n't know what to talk about but rather pressure on their display screen .
The children nowadays do not know what neighbour games are played and who is standing beside them , all they know is putting icons up on their screens .
These are some conditary examples of how the social media reduces face-to-facial human contact .
If people use the social media to contact other people , what will happen will cause their interpersonal communicating skills to grow and disappear , eventually .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , and not even the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience communicating with people and will not be trained in conversation skills .
According to these people , social media helps them do work but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media do have some other advantages besides their general benefits to human beings .
Fast of all , people saves money by using the internet to contact other people and read news .
A father might be able to make calls to his daughter in other countries via social - media software , instead of making an international call which costs more than a normal salary for her family .
He can even tell her daughter 's facy-to-face using the video call via the internet .
Secondly , people make friends all over the world and are able to update their friends their recent activities easily .
A friend who has been travelling for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
When one of his friends who was not aware of this failed to contact him , he might be able to get his whereabouts with social media .
These are the advantages that save jobs most of the time .
In conclude , social media benefits people in several ways and at the same time harms people .
People should avoid misuse of social media and use it in a proper way .
Through the aids of social media , people have bonded globally , information flows rapidly , and people live happily .
All of us are living in the technology realm society .
Have you even wondered why we use those tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
It was started without the invention of technology , which has evolved tremendously over the last few decades .
In the past . We have travelled by ship . And now we can use an airplane to do so .
As in the past , it took a few days to receive a message because we needed to post our letter and now we can use e-mail , which stands for electronic message to send to our friends or even use our handphone to send messages .
Through the example that I have mentioned earlier we can see that distance between us and our loved one becoming further apart .
This is because by the ease of technology , such as planes , one of our friends might be going overseas to continue his or her studies or even to pursue your studies , career , in life .
Thus , this made Twitter and Facebook become one of the mediums that they needed .
Nevertheless , everything in life has positive and negative effects .
This is applicable to these social media sites .
For example , the next two paragraphs will be about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society .
With the help of the social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our families and friends even though we are away from them .
Social media websites , such as Facebook , have allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
This approach helps parents to communication with their children and know what kind of activities their children have when they are overseas .
The social media is beneficial as it connects you and your loved one even though you are separated by the distance .
It could not help to replace the joys that you have when you are with your family but it could help to reduce the sadness about being away from your family .
As I mentioned at the beginning , There are also disadvantages of social media tools .
One of them was that it reduced their level of concentration , , especially among youngsters .
That 's because it has become everyone 's habit to check their Facebook page so their friends can post something new to each second .
So , you could see that some students were browsing facebook while attending lectures .
This means that students are not concentrating on when they 're supposed to .
As the result , it could affect their lives and studies .
This will then could lead to stress as these students will not be able to cope with their studies because they were distracted .
In my opinion , every individual has to make a right decision about their own lives .
But there are advantages and disadvantages to using social - media sites . However , in this case , striking balance between social media and life is the most important thing to do .
These days , the use of social and media platforms is commonplace in our lives .
Increasingly , such platforms will even enhance and complicate the link between individual countries in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , without having to travel to meet up with them for business purposes , companies or personal purposes .
However , it is also bringing some social changes , whereby these virtual worlds are overtaking the reality world , resulting in some negative impacts in individuals ' daily lives and therefore become a large problem for societies as a whole .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decreased .
As people find more confidence online , where they do not have to face reality on the spot . They feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills among individual students , especially young people , as they always have the option to turn their back on the real life and go online .
These become huge problems when people have no choice but to deal with things in real life .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identities in real life and may not realise how to interact with people in real life .
Another problem with social mass is that , the benefits from investing so enormous time and energy are not related to something positive for users .
That 's why it is so addictive , because the more people get into the social media , they seek attention from their friends .
However , such sudden attention is extremely short-termed and gone eaily , thus does not add any value or value to the user 's life .
Besides , according to a research , it has been proven that the users feel more sad when using Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
but seriously , most people just post the happiest moments in their lives .
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits . What makes users stay is the links among people .
Indeed , I myself use Facebook just because of the friends ' contacts that my family wants .
, however , the friendship in such a virtual world is superficial and not so relevant to real life .
Moreover , as numerous profitly-driven companies discover the huge human traffic on such social media sites . They use it as a way to convince customers by uploading the advertisements .
Furthermore , this could also possibly triggers privacy issues as Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to information on users .
If this happens , users are more and more pronious about any possible frauds .
Social media sites were at their peaks at the time , but I believe that , when people realized that such sites were not making them better people in real-life , they would not be indulged in them as often as they are now .
The users soon , will realise that they should not need such social media sites to keep in contact with their friends , because if they really need somebody , they will reach friends no matter what .
We think we are connected through all sorts of social media , but will we really get connected or fall apart ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are created with the intention to connect people from around the world .
The ideas seem great , and nowadays , most people , even the older generation , will have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " carry " their kids closer and in real time .
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently to connect with their so - called friends .
Although , as we then tend to spend so much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
Firstly and foremost , I would like to share in the advantages of using such social media in my daily life .
I tend to meet lots of people of different background and in different settings .
We may meet only once , but we exchange our contact numbers , as well as a Facebook account , in order to maintain in touch .
In contrast , just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , a social media website like Facebook is a great way for friends from different fields , or even from different parts of the World , to be connected .
Within clicks , we could check the friend 's profile and read on for his/her updates .
Also , we could update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends might read up on the newsfeed .
It allows friends that may not have the time for meeting up to still be connected in a same way .
Not only that , new friends can be easily made through such online platforms .
Thus , our social circle is indeed expanding .
Nonetheless , what seemes us is how we are connected and this can be a cause of falling apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time being reduced on face-to-face contact .
These subsequently lead to poor interpersonal skills that will inhibit the growth of our real social circle .
For example , we tend send a birthday wish when Facebook prompts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friends birthday .
We usually send wishes cards during the festive season like Chinese New Year , and it feels so good to write one and , of course , to receive one with stamps in it .
Gone were the times , and now we carry on sending , and the receiver may feel less meaning to such online wishes .
Just as time passes , we may have had more " friends " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
In the nutshell , every sword has two edges .
The users of every social media sites need to strike a balance between the really world versus the virtual one .
We should not only maximize the benefits of such platforms but also be careful of their impacts on the actual life that we have .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-faces meetings , but social media sites are only the tools to enhance them .
Nowadays , social media sites have become commonly used in society .
I believe 80 percent of people use social media sites .
This site plays the role of connecting people around the world .
He consists of the function of connections , sharing , interacting with advertisements .
However , there have also been some disadvantages due to the social media , which are concerned with society .
Thus , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
First , along with the functionality of social media sites that connect people , everyone is able to interact with friends and families , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
Through social media sites , we can chat with our friends who are in Europe and New Zealand .
There are over thousands of miles between Singapore and these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without traveling to those countries .
It saves lots of money and time as well as strengthening our relationship although we live in different places in the world .
Besides that , companies can also use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or skype to facilitate meetings with parties to projects from around the world .
A substantial cost is saved without tiring travel from one point to another point .
Due to the huge cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the other sectors to benefit companies more and to boost the company 's profit .
However , there are two sides of the stories always .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social press reduces the face-to-face connection between humans .
Since ancient times , people have interacted with others face by face .
Without a facial impression it is easier to misunderstand the intentions of the speakers .
That is why facial impressions are one of the most important elements in social learning .
In addition , " social crisis sites will affect writing skills . " That is my point of view in society .
From the statistics report , the more writing skills are reduced the more time used on social media sites .
Therefore , I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write the word that we should know .
The auto - correction software is so effective when using an electronic device until we did not realize the importance of writing .
Writing is an essential skill for people who express their own feelings and opinions .
'Privacy ' is the word popular in the past few decades .
Personnel have their own rights and privacy .
I believe that most of us approve these terms .
However , there is news about whether social media sites are leaking users ' information to companies through cash reimbursement .
All the information we type into the social media sites is recorded on the server and then transferred into the companies for spying and advertising .
Even though it looks like there are no laws and you have to have your own place to speak and do anything you wants , you are actually wrong .
You are control not only over government laws , but also spied upon by government .
In conclusion , everything has two sides of the story .
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
In order to use technology well , we should do our efforts to not only balance both the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shortens .
Thus , the new technology will be able to build a prosperous future for our and the next generation .
With the widespread of advanced technology , media sites are increasingly popular .
Getting connected with social media such as facebook and twitter has become a major trend as well as doing daily work nowadays .
Under this situation , both the advantages and the disadvantages of using social media belong to our daily life .
On the One hand , it is obvious that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get in contact with each other all the time .
Whether we are at home , at school , at work , or on holiday , we are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , the social media make it possible to have interaction by keeping writing comments .
If our phones explode accidentally , people can use social media to get contact with their friends .
Someone who is trying to talk in public can also take part in group chatting via media .
In addition , we can make more friends through such interactions , when our friends bring in their friends .
Thus , the popularity of social media site has made it more convenient for people to update their friends ' stories and contact friends more frequently .
From the other side , we need to think about the influence brought by the media .
There are even many disadvantages of using social media .
Firstly , my interpersonal skills may be affected by the reduction in face-to-facial human contact .
When social media brings convenience to people 's lives , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-faces chatting , which has a time and place requirement .
People who are not good at public chatting may more reluctantly talk to people , and their interpersonal skills could never be improved in this situation .
Firstly , people 's over-addition may , to some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
More and more network has been transferred to the internet from real life .
Is this a potential danger for teenagers , who are growing with social changes , to get hurt .
Thirdly , a lot of updates on luxury living standards as well as other shoot - off situations may make people 's daily lives more and more transparent , which is not an accurate social growth trend .
Lastly , it is easier for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there has been a trend for them to suffer from social media in addition to and their studies and jobs may have been greatly influenced .
Since we can see both disadvantages and disadvantages to using social media and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may still be in place for a long time .
Therefore , anytime we use social media , we should take both sides into consideration and try to prevent being affected by disadvantages .
Only by absorb the essence and discarding the dust can we make better use of the social media .
In sophisticated agencies like these days , experts are keeping producing inventions that are meant to make life easier .
Geographic and transportation borders are not a problem anymore , because communication and information technology have continuously been enhanced .
Telephone is perceived as a big innovation created ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it ,
however , since the internet is well known , the telephone has started to give way , even to social media sites .
There are many advantages to providing for users .
Let us take example of Facebook and Twitter . Two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook people are able to maintain relationships with their past acquaintances .
These benefits can not be obtained through telephones or mail because people 's special and addressees may be changed from time to time ; while on Facebook , people may keep in contact with old friends just by using names and photos , for example , as identifiers .
Facebook is a combination of message and chat service , personal profile , media of sharing , and another entertainment addiction ( i.e .
and social games ) which allow users to communicate with remote people , and also to update and express themselves at the like time .
Twitter , has a simpler function as compared to Facebook . It gives more benefits if used as an information sharing medium .
Twitter only allowed users to give updates that were limited to short sentences in order to spread the word fast , so only highlighted messages are delivered .
In Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can bes uploaded , long notes can be published , and even documents and data can be sharply used in Facebook nowadays .
These advantages also come in handy , as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile applications on our smartphones .
In spite of the luxury that is offered by social media . There are also harmful side effects which people may not realize .
Research shows that face-to-face meeting frequently among people that are addicted to social - media sites is decreasing .
Consequently , it affects his interpersonal skills .
People can think while types and prepare what they are trying to say , but on face-to-- face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth and might not be well arranged are pictures of your personality .
This skill requires practice and can not be done completely through social media .
A place where a family is having dinner together in a restaurant but nobody is busy with their own gadgets , posting pictures on Facebook , updating statements on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
These social media services serve the purpose of trying to bind people in spite of their geographic boundaries . But that does n't mean that surrounding populations are neglecting as the payoff .
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is mentioned before , and it can decrease qualitatively if we are used to facing the gadget , not facing the human being .
yet another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected parts of our lives , we have built " false image " of ourselves in public .
They tend to only share our happy times in the media .
Because of this , other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness , with no problems at all .
Other people are affected by us as well and tend to do the same .
As a result , many people think of themselves as lowly and may lead to depression and mental disorders .
It also reduces our sympathy .
This is problematic and affects a lot of people .
As told above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give advantages .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not realise .
It is up to people 's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they want to take .
So , we should never forget to think about and calculate the benefits and loses of every decision that we make .
Nowadays , advancement of technologies has improved the life of a lot of people .
In most countries , there was an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and twitter .
Many people may think that social media sites have benefits on communication between people while some others argue that There are several negative impacts on society .
Something about those social media sites is that can connect us more closely than before .
In recent decades , when social media sites have not yet fully developed , people have connected with people who live far away by using a phone , or sometimes even a letter .
However , calling a person using a phone and writing a person a letter requires some cost , and sending a letter to a person who lives far away , especially in villages , takes a long time .
My appearance on those social media sites causes them to solve problems .
People connected with social media sites can spend any money on communication , and it also takes only one or a few seconds for the message to arrive .
Therefore , the advantage of social media systems saves money and time , and also provide convenience for many people .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative means for people to contact people whom they havend not seen for a very long time , such as their friends in primary school or secondary school .
Because we graduate from school , we will probably lose contact with some our friends .
Some of my friends may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we are not able to find them through phone calls or a letter .
If phones and letters were the only way to contact them , we would probably be not able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter could serve as an alternative way to make connection between us and our old friends .
Hence , social media sites serve as a platform for connections .
Everything comes with benefits that will also have their disadvantages .
On the other hand , social - media sites also bring some negative impacts on the people and the society .
The invention of those social media sites has made people rely so rely on them that they prefer using those sites to contact each other , than talking to each other .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem created by social media sites .
The usage of social media sites indirectly leads to a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life , which would in turn cause a loss of interpersonal skills for many people .
In fact , interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas .
The loss of personal skills results in the inability of people to well present their ideas .
As a result , they gradually reduce their ability to compete with each others in society .
Finally , social media sites cause both positive and negative consequences for peoples and society .
As a part of today 's modern society , we should learn to distinguish between the good and bad impacts posed by the advancement of technologies , and we should also learn to avoid the cons of and maximize the benefits of such sites .
Due to the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to maintain an in-touch with people and the latest news has made tremendous demand .
Someone famous examples would be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
With an increasing number of users of more than billion users from all over the world , social media sites have clearly demonstrated that their success is important in playing an important part of our lives .
But , there is argument that media life brings on a reduction in face-to-facing human contact , which in turn affects interpersonal skills .
Let 's investigate the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives and in society .
Firstly , all social media sites are free from any problem .
For all users ' needs , there is an Internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in media life .
Firstly , it helps people to keep in-touch with one another .
Finding early friends through Facebook , for example , is even easier than asking people around in real life .
The social media helps to minimise the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Thirdly , social media sites keep us up - to- date on latest news and up to date from almost everywhere in the world ; all with a click away on the refreshment button .
Last but not least , social media sites also ink people together by allowing us to create our own group , pages or sites to share our hobbies , interests and studies on specific subjects .
Hence , it is undeniably true that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
However , media sites also have a second side of negative impact on human beings .
Undeniably , it becomes more addictive if we spend more time busily socialising and interacting .
We spend most of our time in sites like Facebook and Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
In the corporate world , employers often block the social media network to prevent employees spending their office time on personal leisure rather than concentrated on their jobs .
Using text messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media network will also have a bad impact on our lives .
The longer we spend on such sites , the less time we spend on face-to-facial interacting with one another .
Hence it lessens valuable interaction between humans and the time we spend away from the computer screen or motherphone .
Also , there have also been some false reports and fake IDs occur on social media sites , where people have used fake identifies to insult or harass someone . In the case of Heather Chua , these incidents occurred recently on Facebook ,
These malicious comments often go viral and they create a strong negative effect on the real users in real life . This might lead to unwilling attitudes to interact with others in real life by victims .
As a consequence , everything has its two-sided impact and it depends on how we exploit it .
With currently booming technology , it is agreed that people become more technologically savvy and they want to spend more time interacting with each other through social media sites . However , it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face humankind 's interaction as it has even a more important aspect in our life .
As with more and more social websites such as Twitter , Facebook and Weibo , which have become ubiquitous , seamless and unpredictable in our lives , people may concern about the young generation having problems in facy-to-face communication skills .
Despite these online chatting rooms being tremendous , I believe that the benefits of these things outweigh their repercussions .
Social media enables us to explore the world far far away without paying for expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one-week vacation .
The convenience is beyond description .
With a small smart phone or a computer in school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with one click and get to know them through having conversations with them and by reading their blogs , photos and stats .
Comparing them with face-to-faced interactions , online conversations are easier for strangers to open their mouth to one another .
Because some of information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to share their real feelings about themselves online with their masks in reality being taken off .
This has been found in a report done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online is true while a person would like 3 out of 10 times the amount in real life .
This shows that a Facebook friends may know more about you than your close friends who do not have a Facebook account .
That is why we are acting who we really are while we have no reason to make do in the online virtual world .
Although sometimes genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , and such as the prevalent use of vulgarity and harsh-mean comments , you can minimize these repercussions through the strict regulations of online content .
Another advantage of media is aiding the spread of democracy .
People around the world easily could share their thoughts about their governments .
That eliminates the abrupt information disadvantage for some remote rural regions , where people are less aware of what is currently happening around them .
One example is the 2012 riots that occurred in Egypt and Zambia .
The idea of searching for democracy has quickly passed from Egyptians to people in Jambia through the use of media .
However , as the government controls most of the media .
This social media may be tools of their campaigns and of manipulating the thoughts of public .
The example in 2012 general election is Singapore . Dr Tan Chee Keong made use of Facebook to broadcast his campaign videos to the public .
Though , because of this , social media is still a much better and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas comparing to other traditional media .
Intensive use of Social media reduces the time people spend on face-to-faces communication .
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant where a group of people sit together around a table with each of them with a cell phone in their hands .
They are too busy with their way of making way for too many virtual friends and some of them neglect the feelings of their real-life friends .
In this case , I have to say that trying to err is like being a human .
We can do is to educate the public about the importance of their friends just being on their side and teach them to manage their time well .
In conclusion , the using social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lives .
What we can do , is to cautiously manage our time spent on online and manage the words that are used online .
With the rules of government and relevant authorities , virtual world would be a better world .
Social media places 's role in connecting people around the world is undeniable .
Due to those social media programs , communication among people all over the world is possible with ease .
As far as the ease of communication in spite of the distances , many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trade can be done via media as well .
Nevertheless , with those advantage , some disadvantages may appear , such as a reduction in faceless to-face human contact , which affects interpersonal skills , privacy issues , as well as some frauds that can be done through social media .
twitter , Facebook and Skype are social media sites which enable us to keeping in touch with our friends or family who are from other cities or countries .
Throughout those sites we have been able to talk to them , to know whatever their activities are , and who their friends are . From the point of view of the truth , there is no wonder these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives , regardless of the distance .
The sharing of information can be done faster in social media as well , that is why nowadays many news publiers make their own social media accounts . For example , Channel News Asia has a twitter account and will update the following news with headline news .
It shows how actually news and information can be shared more easily through media .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of the social media , this information can reach them easily without them needing to see or listen to the news reports .
This is due to the popularity of social media . Many people are starting to do their business via these sites .
More and more advertisements can being found on Facebook , whether it is from friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online . We can get to buy and contact the sellers on those sites . This can be considered an advantage by us , for the buyers .
, however , is it the same when we keep in touch with people virtually compared to when we meet them personally ?
I do think that there is a difference between them and me , and I believe many of us would agree .
If we write or communicate verbally , we can hide our feelings and many do not become ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
Other than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be deliver properly to the next , since the communication is done in a written language , but thus the 'tone ' of the message sent and when it is received may be wrong .
many people are very brave in telling people their opinions online , but in real life some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
This will lead to poor inter-personal skill as well as a problem with trusts .
Nowadays we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we can never know whether they are even 'Real' .
Some of them fake their identities through media sites so that they can find out more about other people or some may even deceit others .
However , privacy issues have become more popular nowadays as some people do not realize that they may have actually shared some information that they were not willing to share in the first place .
Thus , while social media sites undoubtedly have benefits in our life , they should consider their drawbacks and , thus , use them wisely , so that we can get more of their benefits and these disadvantages will be among the smallest as possible .
It is a common sight that almost everyone on public transport is watching at the phones or wearing a pair ear - pieces in today 's modern society .
Not only that , but many developed and developing countries have the same picture .
Some says that this is a necessary step to a human revolution .
Social media sites , like twitter and Facebook are popular among people , in order for them to connect with others , even from different countries .
It also has many negative effects , such as loss of face-ta-face communication skills which are important in their work .
This essay will talk about the advantages and disadvantages of the use of social media in our daily lives .
One of the significant advantages of using a famous social media site is that people can reach others easily , even without contact , for a long time .
On a fast pace and competitive level , people may not be able to keep in touch with others .
With the help of social media sites , people are able to upload new discoveries and funny scenery on them , and they can upload new information about their friends .
Personably , I am studying overseas ; a busy study life keeps me away from contacting my old friend .
We use a popular social medium website with my friends to help me discover what their statuses are nowadays .
And I am able to quickly find a common topic when I contact them .
In 2009 , many Malaysians cross the sea to work here .
Many of them have been busy at work and separate from their children .
A manager at my work place has the same situation .
After my manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grand - slam child .
Therefore my manager will not miss the moment of her daughter 's growth .
Socialized media sites are also a very useful tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship .
Some people get connected at or closer to the same preferences .
It is ease for people to approach each other after learning the information .
Students can exchange their experiences in study even though they are in different countries .
People are able to share cultures or preview photos online , so others can spread the joy with them .
Hence , I believe that social media sites are a useful tool to help people get to know each other better .
Although the social media site is double-sided sword , it also brings about some negative effects on our daily life .
One drawback that many people have concern about is that people lose interest in face-to-facie communication .
Many people love to use language to protect themselves , and have lost confidence when talking to each other .
Although not everyone is good at public works , even without the existence of social media sites , I can not deny that it does affect some people on their interpersonal skills .
In conclusion , the shadow always exists when light is coming on .
We should take advantage of the creatures we create and try to avoid them having negative effects .
The social media sites are supposed to to be a very useful and convenient tool to use and bring people getting closer to this globalised world .
Media use has largely influenced our ways of communicating with one another .
Online friends became real life friends , and real life friends communication with one another online .
The media system has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships .
There are advantages to this change and disadvantages .
The social media have reshaped the way of communication .
To make life worse , we communicate with one another as equal participants .
We share ideas and stories and forge friendship , based on mutual respect .
However , communication about social media is largely based on " broadcast and listening " .
During this time , we use Facebook to post pictures and statuses .
We are actively " presenting " fa  ades of their lives in front of others .
So , we tend to pose for pictures with the best looks , statements that are fun .
We broadcast these facades of us to others .
The images we choose to present are tentatively considered .
The audience is not some specific person , but everyone we might know , perhaps even the entire world .
In particular , there is an element of searching for attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
And on the one hand , the viewers are not the listeners .
They are just scrolling through pages of pictures and statues and looking at one of them which they might think is funny .
The broadcaster is not the broadcasters themselves , he cares about them , but their content .
This type of communication does not help forging interpersonal relationships .
In real life , establishing friendship requires an all- round understanding of one another and caring for one another .
The latter requires face - to - face interaction which we can show our emotions to the other .
One can not truly understand a person with only stalking his/her Facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present .
One cannot truly show their emotions by another by texting some IV signs .
The casting and viewing models are not good for forging relationships .
Meanwhile , it is good for sharing information .
In the social media sector , everyone is a broadcaster and the viewer .
Using my social network account , I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites any more ; because I can easily read them from my friends ' statues .
If I are interested in politics , I can just follow some political and public newspapers or other figures .
I get news about sales , clothes and cosmetics from my friends .
If one of my friends has horrible taste of clothes and hers often , I can simply block him or her out of .
Information got spared .
The the most popular information gets circulated the most . So , I can seldom miss it .
Social networking shows play a role in providing and filtering information also .
This saves a lot of time for me reading the newspapers and watching TV .
I personally feel more at ease with social medias .
From the above two points of view , I think media could forge more interesting relationships .
With the help of social media , I have become real life friends with those with online forums with which I share the same interest .
I also discover some interest in my friends which I find in common with me , so that talking to one another is much more about life , study , friends , etc .
The communication is not focused on how we feel , or , to say each other , but on whatever is interesting , or its content .
In this case , interpersonal skills are not nearly as important because our goal is not to impress somebody , but to get information that we are both interested in .
in conclusion , I think social media has excluded interpersonal relationships , from a more human-based friendship , that requires sharing and caring for friends , to a more information-based friendship that requires mutual interest .
There are advantages and disadvantages to itself . However , whether it is good or bad , we are still not sure .
It was just different .
Advantage and disadvantages of using social media in daily life
People that are living in the modern world actually can not live without the social media sites like twitter and Facebook .
Almost all students , and young adults , possess Facebook or twitter accounts .
It is true that social media make people able to connect with one another better conveniently .
However , it seems that , for some , sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on social media sites is becoming really necessary .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered when a group of friends meets and sit at one table , but none of them were really chatting with another .
Instead , they were all more interested in posting pictures of this " cheerful " meeting on their social media sites .
Therefore , there is a need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
A social medium enables people in different parts of the world to communicate with one another .
people used to write letters and send postcards to keep in touch with people who lived far away from them in the past .
However , it can take a few days or weeks for those who receive the messages .
Nowadays , what they need to do is just type in front of the computer in their own rooms .
And people on the other hand will only need a second to receive the message .
Distanceing and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient , especially when instant chat is needed .
But when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are close to them , their face-to-face , interpersonal skills are lost .
Social media provides people a way of speaking and chatting which can not be considered as a way of communication .
When people chat in those media sites , there is no eye connection , no emotion delivery and , even if expressions are typed in , we use some combinations of punctuation .
For the more convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three or four words , such as lol ( which means laugh intensively ) and " asap " ( which means as soon as possible ) .
These people indeed go to great lengths to make their words as simple as possible .
While , once they communicate with people in their faces , expressing yourself appropriately becomes a really big problem .
Social media also provides people huge branch information about people and things that they have interests in .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to see people that you adore , like famous movies and series stars , businessmen and entrepreneurs .
It makes people feel extremely close to their admirers ' lives and works .
An updated piece of news people care about can easily be obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smartphone and laptop almost all the time .
But , after one has registered at those social media sites that are not reliable , all the information you have filed will become a weapon against you in the future .
Furthermore , not everyone on the social media sites is honest .
They may not have the profile picture and are not the kind of person that user says he or she really is .
The reason might be that he or she just wants to " decorate " her or her face .
However , there is the possibility that the people on the other side are deceiving you , in order to obtain your information against you .
No pledge of authenticity risks getting people 's information and privacy , which are shared on media websites .
To summary , social media have advantages and disadvantages in peoples ' daily lives .
It shortens the distance of people from all over the world and makes instant communication possible .
And it is becoming more convenient to obtain and update information on social media .
In contrast , the use of social media makes people lose their ability to communicate effectively in their real lives and puts people at risk exposing themselves to the fact that the identity can not be verified with social media sites .
How does social media help change our lives ?
As the development of technology becomes more and more significant , the media plays a significant role in the whole world .
Everyone in the world could not stop using it each day to express their feelings , ideas and a log of other stuff which helped their friends to realize their lives better .
However , it also raised concerns about whether it has more benefits or a human disaster .
Although it helps to connect with ourselves and our friends wherever we are , it also reduces our chance for us to talk to our friends face - to - face , which may affect our interpersonal skills .
So , whether there are more advantages or disadvantages has become a tough question for every human being .
Many people claim they will support social media , since it really helps them to get a closer view about what their friends are doing in other parts of the world .
This especially affects people who are overseas .
For them , socializing with media is the only resource that they can approach to know everything that happens in their home country and the way they can use it to show their lives to their lovers as well .
What 's more , these days , social media plays a important role in spying information .
Nowadays , people can just easily put their rented information on their Facebook account , and wait for the response from others who are from different parts of the world , which brings us huge amount of convenience .
It is quite significant especially for young teenagers since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what happened to this world than read the news every day .
However , there are also a great number of people who disagree with this technology .
They worry a lot about the bad effect on teenagers , who are still developing themselves .
They pointed out that actually , socializing with media reduces the chance for people around us to talk .
For the more we care about facebook , the less time we will have to spent with our friends .
Nowadays it is quite common to watch some parties ; people would prefer to look around their phones and read all the posts on Facebook if they feel boring .
It makes people care since if all teenagers continue using social media frequently , they will decrease their ability to talk to people .
They will feel it will be difficult for them to find topics to communicate with others .
Personally , I strongly believe that social media brings more disadvantages compared to disadvantages it gives us .
Although it is really useful , when we need to take care to let other people know we are really living a good life , it also wastes us a lot of time as well .
Thinking in another way , if we put that time we spend on wandering those sites , we may has already finished one book or have done other more meaningful things .
We should keep in brain that there are still ways for us to contact with our family or friends .
Everything will be too bad if we do n't know how to use it wisely no matter whether it is really good or not .
As a result , it is vital for people to know that we need to be cautious regarding the time we spend on these social media .
As stated above , I strongly believe that if we could use social media wisely rather than abusing it , we could all live a better life .
The advantages and disadvantages of social media
Nowadays , as the technology is becoming more and more advanced , more and more socialized media sites , are showing up in our daily life .
You can see people doing Facebook , Twitter through their smartphones , or ipads , on buses or on trains .
Some might say that the appearance of these modern media shows the chance for people to communicate face to face .
This essay will describe the pros and cons of usingsocial media in modern society .
First of all , social data can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Few years ago , when modern products were not popular , there were no way for people to communicate or contact people in a long way , and they were still restricted to making phone calls , sending emails or write letters .
Some will take long hours and some are not efficient enough for people to give their response .
However , social media solves these problems well .
You can contact friends on the internet and get their reply very fast .
Communication is also not limited to words .
People can express themselves through pictures or emotions .
People can also get to know their friends ' state and mood by looking at their posts online .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situations , see comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
Social media make people 's lives much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
However , social media may do some harm to people 's lives .
It will cause people to spend more time chatting on the internet , rather than communicating face to face , because their interpersonal skills will be badly affected .
Some people spend a lot of time playing it and forget about their real life .
Classically , some people who I have seen are very funny and interested in chatting with online .
However , they are quite boring when you talk to them in real life .
Tef - agers are developing their internal skills and social skills whenever they are growing up .
If you spend too much time on these social mediaries , it may cause some problems with their mental development .
People may feel uncomfortable when they communicate with others face to face .
Others may share less and less time with their families , and not know how to express themselves .
Also , some wrong values on the websites would affect teenagers and confuse them .
Sometimes , some people might even do wrong .
In conclusion , the show on social media websites is a double edged sword .
This can make our lives simpler .
People can promote their friend and relationship through these social media .
Whereas , it can also make people remember to communicate with their family and friends into real life and affects negatively to their interpersonal skills .
But overall , the advantages now far outweigh the disadvantages .
So we need to make the best use of these social media and make them a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
And they try to bypass these shortcomings .
Remember send greetings to my friends and family frequently .
Nowadays , with the development of technology , it is easy to communicate wherever you are .
The appearance of media sites truly connects people closed .
People can know their guests ' recently looks and interesting things happen on them just by checking their Facebook or other social media sites .
We must not deny that social media sites truly make the old friends . Do not lose the information and the opportunities to communicate with you even though you are in a different country .
However , social - media sites truthfully reduce communication in face-to-faces which truly affects interpersonal skills .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages with using social media in the people 's daily lives .
Finally , social media sites can connect people with their friends and parents closely .
After typing the words and showing the pictures , people can express their emotions that they are too shy to expression .
As an example , on Mothers ' Day , people are shy about saying " I love you " to their mothers , so they can type on his or her mother 's Facebook page .
Then his mother will know the emotion and feel warm .
On theother hand , when the teenager is studing in a foreign country , the internet is the only way he can communicate with his parents and friends .
, Therefore , social media are truly good for people .
Firstly , social media sites can only connect people with their friends closely .
People can also get much more information about the celebrity on Twitter and Facebook such as on Obama 's website , and Bill Gates can get first-hand study materials on it .
They can learn how these people succeed and they can also have a chance to talk with them and meet these famous people 's thoughts by using the social media .
Additionally , with the help of social media , some homeless people or someone who needs money to treat the disease can get help from throughout the world quickly , because once one person knows the information , he / she will share it with their " friends " ; then many people will know it and spread the information to the person who can help .
Also , there are also problems with the population , especially in the social media sector .
Firstly , when people rely on the media to communicate with their friends and their parents , they are accustomed to communicating by typing and not talking .
People may even prefer talking to their friends and meeting their friends online and gradually reject facea to-face communication .
Therefore , social news truly limits one 's interpersonal skills , such as the fact that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking , and connect with them .
Secondly , without true communication in real life , people have lost the ability to see both the truth and false facts .
There people in the social media have a beautiful image and good content on their pages , however , in real lives , they may not have a job or live poorly .
TV viewers may believe these people are cheating and easily lose money , even though it 's safe .
, Therefore , the social media are not safe , which is too bad for teenager 's future development .
All the while , the appearance of social media truly helps people a lot in many areas .
However , there are some disadvantages which would affect peoples to some degree .
Advantages and Disciplines of Using Social Media in Our Daily lives and Society .
Nowadays , with the development of technology and society , social media is becoming more popular and even important in our daily life .
We communicate with others using social media , such as twitter , Facebook and microbloggers more and more frequently .
So , there is no need for people to go out of their homes to interact with others . They chat online , share images , tell others what they have done and funny stories .
it seems that people build good relationships in social media , but problems arise .
The people do not know how to say things with others face to face , especially the strangers .
then , we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using the social media in your daily life and society .
As for the advantages , there have been two aspects : more convenient to contact others , easier to find out about others .
One advantage is that it is more convenient to contact others via social media .
Soon , if one wants to talk about some important news to another one who lives far away , he needs to write letters and it wastes his time .
Long distance and time - consuming make spreading the messages is very difficult at this time .
Therefore , people may not contact friends and relatives far away unless there is something important .
However , people now can contact anyone all over the world who might use a computer at all times , and there are no delay of messages .
The another advantage is that it is easier to know about others via social media .
If it is not social media , it is difficult for people to know about strangers .
They might collect informationsby asking their friends , colleagues or family members about that person .
But the information collected could not be intact and true .
Even today , with the help of media , people can easily get the information they want just by looking online , and knowing about what that person does every day , at what time .
As for the disadvantages of the social media in your daily life , wasting time and causing illness related to sitting for a longtime before the computer , quick-spread of rumors and fake news most importantly , making people miss the ability to talk to others face to face confidently .
It is weird for people to sit at the table and all face their phones and not talk to each other .
If there is a joke on their Facebook page , they can say to others this way : " hi , look , that 's how ridiculous that is " , so they laugh together .
No matter whether it is a party , dinner or just simply a get-along , there always are some people bowing their head and playing on their phones even though their family and friends are in front of them .
In contrast , there are the advantages and disadvantages of both using social media in daily life .
Some people should enjoy the advantages of social media while being aware of their disadvantages , and try their best to avoid the disadvantages that occur to them and their friends and family .
Today the world is considered to be an era of social - media sites like Facebook and Twitter , which are attractively connected to people from around the world .
However , some people worry that the social networking can affect interpersonal skills as it reduces face-to-face human contact .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in the society are elaborated on as follows .
Nobody can deny the advantages of media as the benefit it provides in connecting people regardless of nationality , race , culture and languages .
Social media is a trending channel and a suitable means of communication .
Firstly , the social media brings convenience to the world .
It will erase the boundaries between distance and time .
I should no longer worry about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages .
These days , thanks to the help of media , with just 1 click , you can contact your family and friends , wherever you want to go .
If so , you should share photos , videos and every meaningful experience of your life .
In addition , it is cheap and easy to use social media .
Secondly , a social media network opens the door of opportunities for people due to its great benefits of connecting .
A lotto fresh graduates can find jobs thanks to facebook and Twitter .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
In the business area , social media is a good tool to develop and advertise products and services .
Nevertheless , social media also has disadvantages which has created worries for society recently and made it a controversial phenomenon .
More and more , young people ten times live in social media most of their time and reduce face-to-face - to - face human contact . This can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life .
First and foremost , they should realize that socialized media , is not trustworthy and real .
No one can easily make up the personality and characteristics they want to .
They could become anyone .
Though socialized media create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and realistic if people go through experience and communication in face-to-face interaction .
It is the story of a girl who lives in the social median world every night in eight years .
While on the chat room , she created a close relationship with eight other people .
He talked with them every night . Trust them and share her life with them .
Then , eventually , she discovered that eight people had become one , as they were using eight different identities to chat all the time with her .
Furthermore , the convenience of social media is also its weakness .
So , a lot of people use their true information on societal media sites , which can lead to crime and deception .
People could use the information to deceive family and friends , banks and people , to do bad things such as blackmail , ATM theft and so on .
Last but not least , the social medium does affect human interpersonal skills when people raise the time on social sites and reject the chances of being exposed to social daily life activities , as well as interacting with people .
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the smaller they become ambitious .
As a result , if the situation keeps going on in this unexpected trend , it will cause a bad effect on the younger generation .
to put it in the nutshell ; everything has its own exits and cons .
So is social media networks .
It not only is convenient and beneficial to connecting people and developing business , but it can also damage people relationships and interpersonal skills .
Social media is only beneficial as long as it is used in a correct and suitable way with the combination of both social media sites and daily life interaction to develop people 's potentials to the fullest .
