Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am sad to hear about Richard and not being at his best .
I hope he will recover soon and that he will do it at our conferences .
As far as organisation is concerned , adequate number of double rooms with shower or baths have been booked for your group at the Palace hotel located across the main street from the train station .
To go to college , you can either watch the layside ( about 10 min ) or get a new cable car from the train station .
This college is just stairs away from the bottom end .
The end - of - the - conference party would take place on a boat cruising on the lake .
It will start with a speech by the Director of the conference , followed by a breakfast .
The recreation part will begin at 10 pm with a short musical comedy played by some of our students and it will end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 2 am .
As nights may have been cold at this time of the year , will I suggest that you take with you a pullover .
Apart from that , there is no recommend as to what to wear .
Fepending upon the interests of your students , I would suggest that you visit the website of the tourist office : www.neucochatel.ch .
yours sincerely
Where are you ?
It is very often the first question you will be asked if you are answering the phone .
Why ?
Because somebody has invented the most popular communication technology ever .
The mobile phone .
Once expensive and not reliable , a new mobile phone fits in almost every pocket and is given away by the operators to attract new customers .
From a mobile phone .
communication has changed , not improved .
Of course , it allows you to reach everywhere ( even in places you do n't want to . )
For rescue teams , it is a great help .
But is n't it a handicap outside of professional life .
Should n't people be communicating with them next to them , instead of calling someone 2 miles away ?
It is rarely seen two people walking side by side , with both talking on the phone .
Would be better to prepare the shopping list instead of dialing home to ask which salad to buy .
The cell phone was a marvellous invention , but as for cigarettes , we should right it .
CAUTION : Use of this device might damage your brain .
Dear Mrs Smith
me to reply to your letter you wrote me on June 10 .
First , I would like to tell you that the group is booked into Palace Hobel which is located beside the Congress house in the centre .
You can contact Mrs Brackenbury using the number 06 8793888 .
Secondly , the best way from a hotel to the conference was to take the bus , which was specially organized by us .
The bus leaves at 8:00 every morning and got back to the hotel at 6 o'clock in the evening .
Of course , there 's also a number 8 bus in front of the hotel , which is also suitable , but it leaves only every half an hour .
An end - of - conference party , which happend in the evening of 20 June , will be held on the coast .
besides the barbecue , there are some good - known student bands from our country are performing music through the whole night .
Furthermore , that is , there 's a Latin band coming to make the party more colourful .
The songs are played from 10.00 to 11:00 and the students can enjoy it by dancing .
The main events at the party will end at about 12:30 that night .
As you can see , what to wear is just something casual .
Finally , on the last afternoon of our stay , we visit museums and markets ( we have some very interesting robot markets ) .
Usually it 's free time for students to look around here by themselves .
So I hope your questions are answered appropriately .
I'm looking forward to seeing you in the conference .
Yours faithfully ,
Computer life
nowadays , computers can now be found in almost every corner , in offices , and in shops .
Maybe even in cars and washing machines there are computer chips .
What has computer affects our life ?
First of all , the efficiency of society has been improving .
When shopping , we do n't need to wait for Kasse to take every item 's note by hand .
When booking with an airline , we can just simply make a phone call to any agency , and get one done in one minute .
Second , instead of looking up tons of books to get the information we need , we can very easy search for it on the internet or on a local network .
It is often heard that someone who has a special illness gets operations by a foreign institution , which he finds via the internet .
Also , via a computer network , it is possible for people to work from home , conducting projects , controlling operations or holding conferences .
Lastly , the ways of communication has also been changed .
Instead of traditional telecommunications , we can talk , mail or even see each other with the help of computer network .
About course , there 're also some aspects to which computer technology needs to be improved .
For umexample , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as on paper .
a very important and severe problem is reliability and security .
Until now , completely reliant on the computer is still somehow not safe enough .
In conclusion , the computer has become a very essential necessity of our lives , and it 's still a younger invention which needs to be improved .
Dear Maria
First of all , I am sorry for Richard 's illness .
Please remember me and I give him my best wish .
About your requests , I 'm going to give you all the information that I think you need . However , you can call me if you consider it essential , ( my phone number is 2496 9731 ) .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
Because it is a wellknow hotel , it should be easy to find one .
In addition , it is really well - located , so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem .
However , the conference is going to take place at the Exhibition Centre , which is located only five minutes away from the Hotel .
We did n't ask for any special clothes , so I would like to wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come in well dressed , if you feel better .
After the conference we are going to have an informal dinner with the previous snack in order to introduce each others .
Finally , in my opinion , you should visit the Art Gallery .
It will take you two or three hours but it 's a gorgeous place .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Enjoy yourself faithfully .
" Sagadda Familia " , a real Hollywood building .
So , if you were looking for a special building in Barcelona , which you could like whatever your tastes are , you should visit the Sagrada Familia .
Apart from the great number of choices , this unfinished Church offers a gorgeous view from the top of its towers , a charming history and is one of the most representative examples of the Catalonia modernisme art .
Gaudi conceived this church in 1912 . Though it was n't until 1920 that they started building it .
From the start , the work was interrupted during different periods and started again .
Soon after Gaudi dealt with a critical stop which , fortunately , was solved three years later .
Recently , a hard work has been done , in order to finish it as soon as possible .
A visitor can wonder about all the buildings or follow a guided visit .
These are the exhibition rooms where maps of projects can be considered .
And unless you 're suffering from heart , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top .
Then you can enjoy the terrific sight . Not only will you see almost the entire city , but you also will discover another view of this magnificent building .
Dear Madam Smith
You know , I am in charge of organise the conference in my college . do not worry if Richard did not leave you all the information .
I was pleased to help you .
We looked in every hotel in town trying to give you the best offers .
So , we found two good hotels but we decided for the Palace Hotel .
There is the best price that we could find .
That conference day our school drive is going to pick you up at the hotel and take you to the conference .
They are going to go to a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is by walking .
If you do not have to wear any special kind of clothes , in my opinion , you can wear a very casual one .
Finally , the last day I suggest you go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around .
Yours faithfully ,
Introduction
The aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the Fuertes de San Diego Musseum .
This is an historical building .
I questioned some of the people in town and that was the best place to make a decision .
History
The Ferte de Sandiego Museum was built at a time when the Spanish people was trying to retake all the land from Mexico . One of the most important people who were at the front of the Funeral was Hernon Cortez , who was the first Spanish to have more land than anyone at that time .
Place
The Museum is situated on the front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco .
It is situated near the top of an old mountain in the city .
You are able to get there by car , or walk and see everything which was made at that time .
Conclusion
On the whole , this is the most important building in Acapulco in its history and reputation .
This is the best place to go and easy to get to .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
as the leader of the conference - organisation , I would be grateful if I could help you .
My wish is that nothing went wrong .
So , you have to find out more details about our conference .
Your hotel is called the Palace Hotel , and it is in the city centre .
As long as I know this hotel is very comfortable .
There also is a subway station near the Palace Hotel .
Our college is not far enough away .
You simply have to take the subway train .
After three stops , you have arrived Brooklyn street .
When you come out of the subway , you see our college .
Next conference starts at 6 o'clock and ends at 8 o'clock .
The students have prepared a music program for their end - of - conference party .
There will also be an international buffet .
But do n't eat so much before you come .
And plead do n't worry about clothes .
There are not any rules .
There is a big adventure swimming park in our city .
You should visit Water World , on the last day .
you will have a lot of funds . I can tell you that .
If you need any further information , please call me .
Your number is : 793354
Yours faithfully ,
The telephone is a very important invention , which has affected our lives .
That is a way for people to communicate although we are in two different places .
People use the telephone every day and this is one of the most important things in daily life .
In my mind , people need a telephone .
For example , the telephone is very important in my job - life .
Nowadays , there are no companies which do not have a telephone .
It also is good for people 's safety .
You can call police if you are in danger or ambulances if you injure yourself .
People use the telephone also for their personal lives .
Example when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away :
Another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone .
You will be able to give and receive information very quickly .
These inventions have made our lives easier and quickier .
The telephone has made my own life easy and quick .
They make something possible you can not do .
Finally , I would say that telephone services are very efficient for people .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
This is the reply to your letter and to provide answers to your questions .
The group have booked into the Palace Hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities .
It has a famous staff and comfortable rooms .
The students will be able to get there with the No 35 bus .
They must get on the bus out of the city centre and get off after five stops in Palace Station .
A hotel is opposite the station .
At the end of the conference the college , in which the conference will be held , gave a party for all students .
It would be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frite , chips , sweets and other drinks - no alcohol .
We will live music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves .
I would be better off in casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students .
On the next day , students could enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city which can be arranged if the students want to .
The group has also visited the zoo , the opera , or stay and relax in the college 's enormous garden and enjoy the settings .
I do not hesitate to contact you if you require further information .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Yours faithfully ,
Return to Group Leader of American Students
From :
Subject : An interesting building to visit
Here is information about the Castle of Nyremberg
location : The castle was in a city centre near an enormous Church .
Someone can go to the centre of the city on the No.456 bus and then take him on foot to the castle .
Survice : It is over 100 years old , but it is kept in good condition by the local people who are proud of its castle .
The Activities : at this year 's festival , you will visit the Nyremberg , where many theatrical plays or concerts are held .
View : from the castle you can have a wonderful view of the whole town , especially at night when all the lights are on .
It 's a different experience .
History : at the castle there are always few guides who will show anyone around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom and why ) . It makes everyone enthusiastic .
THE RECOMMENDATION
I recommend visiting this castle , because it is interesting , marvelous and something different .
It is a favourite place for all the tourists who visit Nyremberg .
Nylamberg is also famous for this castle and the students had a different experience and a lesson , too .
On the way , you could visit an
Diary of Mrs Smith ,
I am writing you with reference to your last letter concerning an international student conference in our college .
You will get the information you are requested .
First of all , we booked The Palace Hotel for your group .
That hotel is quiet and near the conference building .
However , I might suggest going by bus from the hotel to the conference station because it is the most convenient form of transport .
Furthermore , , as usually , we organize a party on the last day of the conference , so , it would be great if your students wore suits ( for man ) or skirts ( for woman ) .
Furthermore , this party will be in your hotel , like the previous years .
In the end . There is a lot of mystique in our town , therefore , I would suggest going to the forestry museum which is really fascinating .
No hesitation to contact me if you need any further information .
Yours sincerely ,
from :
for : the group leader .
Thesubject : Arboriginal Art Museum .
This report is intended to describe the biggest building in the world .
I am in the position of choosing a good building that students like myself are interested in .
a ) This Museum presents more than 200000 original art pictures .
b ) The building started in 1999 . Therefore , it is a modern architecture .
c ) This building is as good as the Eiffel Tours in Paris .
p ) This build includes 30 toilets , 500'000 lights , and also 100 people whom can help you if you need any information .
I would suggest this place , because it is fun to discover the oldest civilisation in the world in one of our most modern buildings .
Mr Smith ,
I received your letter this morning and I would like to give thanks for your interest in the conference .
I hope I can answer your questions .
Firstly , this international students conference is aimed at explaining for students how important education is .
In addition to this , we choose the luxurious Palace Hotel which is comfortable enough and in a good location .
The Palece Hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can travel by train , by bus or by car .
I suggest going by train and going out to Museum station .
The conference will happen at the Hotel , which is so much easier .
For example , the Conference , which is not modest , is quite well organized .
It will start in the morning at eight and finish at around five in the afternoon .
I suggest you should wear something informal .
Nevertheless , we want to make things as much more convenient as possible to our students .
I am so happy that you want to know about my place , although I am afraid an afternoon is not enough .
If you want , you can call me and I could show you some interesting places . I would be very glad .
I look forward to learning from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Affecting our Lives
Cars , boats , motorbikes , airplanes : Who does n't use them once ?
here 's a good question .
Humans always seem to run , and the fastest of these inventions is , certainty , the plane .
At first , when Santos - Dummont invented the airplane , he probably did n't think how people would transform his creation .
In this world , where the nation fought to be the best , the situation could n't have been different : the airplane had became the most important thing in war .
Unfortunately , it was used to kill many people .
However , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities .
How could someone come from Brazil to Australia ?
Maybe by boat , but it could take too long !
The best way is definitely , by air .
After this invention traveling around the world is so much easier .
Now , we have to say thanks and congratulate the creators who invented facility activities for us .
Therefore , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it changes people 's livelihood in wars .
Until now , it has been important for the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world .
Let 's celebrate the birthday of Santos , Drummont !
Dear Mrs Smith
thank you for your reply .
Of course , I will give you some detail about the student conference .
First of all the hotel Richard Brown has been looking in is the Palace Hotel .
It 's located close to the main transmission in our town .
It is quite close to the conference building .
There will be a bus to go there .
When the bus picks you up right at your hotel entry .
The end - of - conference party is going to be a small dinner for all students .
You Do not have to wear special clothes . Just put what you always wear in your clothes .
If you put your uniform on with you It would be pleasant to leave it in a hotel and wear something else .
There are many things you can do for a short time on the last day .
You can visit our famous Museum of Art or go for a walk along the lake .
If you want something for fun or entertainment go bowling .
If you have any further questions , just let me know .
Yours sincerely
Our church is a very famous building in our country .
Its height is eighty meters , and its tower is forty five meters .
On top of the tower there is a large clock on each side .
The Tower is red and the church itself is white painted .
In the church there are many expensive draws .
There is space for about five hundred people .
The church it was built in 1385 .
It was rebuilt in 1948 because in the Second World War it was demolished .
The church is located at a place that you see the whole mountain chain of Rigi ,
Visit our church because it is one of the most famous churches in our country .
They have an interesting past .
The Tower is absolutely marvelous .
You can go walking to the top of the tower and it gives you a beautiful sight .
If you want to visit the church , there should be a special guide who shows you all the things and answers your questions .
The entry will be free .
Dear Mrs Smith , Hello Maria ,
From this letter you will get all the information that you need .
The hotel that the group has been booked into is the Palace Hotel ( on Victoria road ) .
Also , you should take the bus to a hotel to attend college .
There are four bus stops .
Then I walk straight for five minutes . You will see the college .
After the party , we will go to a entertainment area to have fun and we will eat at McDonalded .
The rest you already know .
I would suggest wearing shirts and jeans .
And , in the last three hours before you return , we will go to the " Imax " cinema to watch a 3-D film !
After that , we ate in KFC .
Then we all took you and the students to the airport .
Which is all .
I wait for you .
Yours faithfully
Madrid is the big city and has a lot of interesting places .
But my best place is " La Vaguada " .
and the entertainment and commerce building .
There , students can have fun in the recreation areas , can watch a film , eat all kinds of food , and do shopping .
We will have fun as well .
AndThat 's why I recommend this place to you .
There is a building itself .
It is very safe , as there are policemen and cameras there .
The buildings seems to be very new but they is quite old .
People loved this place and they call it " Madrid - 2 . "
Around it , there are many restaurants and shops and as a building bring a lot of people .
Inside , there are fast - food restaurants and shops too .
Also , it will be easy .
Just take the bus 83 or the subways .
In here , you could find anything that you wanted .
Hope you like it .
12 January 2001 .
Dear Maria Smith ,
Ireceived your letter and I 'm happy to help you . We booked the Palace Hills for your group . It was nice and quiet .
I ' 'm sure you will be fine here .
we chose the Palace Hotel because it 's near to our college too .
So you go to the conference some minutes late .
Whenever you get out of the hotel , turn right and go right on , first the crossroads return right again .
At the end of that street , you can see our college on your left ; it 's a green building .
At an end - of - conference party , it 'll have something to eat and to drink .
In the big room where we 'll have a party , there 'll be some pictures of our college . We 'll see all the generations who had passed there .
Wears are n't very important , but it would be fine if the people wore something different from usual jeans .
We have a lot of beautiful things to do here , but the best you can do in about three hours is visit the painting museum .
We are all looking forward to seeing your group .
Yours faithfully ,
CROSS TELEVISION
What would our world be without television ?
I ca n't give an easy answer on this question .
Telia is an important invention because it allows us to improve our methods of communicating .
These animated boxes could give us a lot of information coming in from all over the world .
the television has affected " all day life " , too . We have to spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves on some programs , so all that we have to do is watch .
And we like that , since it 's easier to do nothing than engage ourselves in something that makes us do something .
So television can be a positive or a negative invention . It depends on what use we are making of this box .
We should be able to answer the introductory question now .
No , I do n't think that .
Television is so important to us , that we ca n't think of anything that could n't exist .
Dear Mrs Smith
I have been writing to respond to your letter regarding the details of international student conference .
The Palace Hotel is booked and you should first walk from the airport to the Town Hall railway station , which is the North Cross Line , which is the yellow line on the map .
After getting on the train , you had to get off at the mountain station , which was for twenty minutes , and go to the congress .
The conference which will be hold from 1pm through 4 pm , is a formal party .
You should wear formal clothing , and both should play a game and enjoy welcoming drinks .
Before catch our plane , we will have to enjoy going shopping at the airport for three hours in the afternoon .
Because there are so many different shops and you should buy a good gift for your parents
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Madam Wolf ,
I write to answer your questions about the information on interesting buildings to visit .
I would like to introduce you to one building in my town .
" SkyHeaven " , which is the name of the building , is fifteen minutes from the centre of my town .
This building has a hundred floors and it takes five minutes from the ground to the top , in the elevators .
There are many facilities ; a museum , an exhibition and several gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping .
The reason for my recommendation is that Sky Heaven is one of the best buildings in the world .
You get to the top of the building and have such an amazing view .
Another reason is that it is a good museum , which tells you the story of my town so easily and clearly .
It is a good experience for your students .
Im hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to receiving from you soon .
Yours Yours faithfully ,
Dear Mr Smith ,
I am pleased to help you with the organisation of the International Student conference .
The group was booked to the Palace Hotel and the best way to get from there to the conference was through the tube , the building of the conference going on five minutes footholds .
Finally , there is a party where you can eat something , dance , and speak to each other about the conference .
For the party , I suggest that you should wear classic clothes , maybe something black or not red or pink . I am going to wear black classical trouser and a white jersey . It should be that this information can give you some idea too .
On the final day , we are going to have about three hours free time .
What will you think if we go to visit the Arts Museum ?
of if we go to hear a classic concert near the conference building 's ?
I hope that I have been able to give you some help .
and I am looking forward to seeing you at the news conference .
Yours faithfully ,
David Morgan ,
I will be writing a report , which will describe you as the most important building of my town .
Next to the most important building of Biasco was the , the " Casa Cavalier Pellanda " .
It is the old big house of a wealthy landler in the medium of the town .
Into this house is a big museum , where you could see the past of biasco .
In the museum there is a big dark place where the wine is produced .
Your America students could learn how the " Meriot tiese " is produced and why it is very famous in Tiano .
I think that these suggestions could interest your student . Then Biasco , with its , " Casa Cavalier Pellanda " , is the middle of two tails - Leventna and Blenio - and the middle points of two similarly but also different cultures .
Im hope that this information will bring you to visit Biasco and its , house " .
Yours faithfully ,
Dear Mrs Mary Smith ,
I am sad to hear that Richard Street is n't well and hope he 'll get better soon . I am more than happy trying to give you the necessary information .
Personnel of your group have been booked into Palace Hotel which is only 2 miles away from our college .
The college will arrange a mini - bus to come and pick you up every morning at 6:45 , so you can arrive to the college around 9 o'clock and we have some time before the conference starts at 9:15 .
The reason we did n't suggest you to take a walk from your hotel is that you 'd have to walk through a large building which is not going to be suitable for a team of 20 students .
As you know , we are going to have the end - of - conference party where the head of college will give a small speech from the beginning , and then it will be a buffet and a disco .
You do n't need to dress up smartly , but please , make sure that your students do n't wear shorts or do training .
Regarding what to do on your free afternoon off , on the day you leave , I would suggest you to take the students to our history museum .
It 's not very big , but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and its people .
There is also a gift shop there , where you boys and girls can buy some soveniers for their families and friends .
I hope I 've answered all your questions but if you need more information , please tell me .
I am looking forward to meeting you all soon .
Best regards ,
I agree , in my personal opinion it 's one of the most important and useful things which have been invented in a car .
Cars played a big part in our lives .
Everywhere you look you can see cars .
As more and more people learn how to drive and choose to travel only by car , it can save a lot of time to travel by public transport .
Cars are also more reliable than other types of transport .
You do n't have a to wait at a bus stop in cold and windy weather for a later bus , or to be stuck on the train for an hour due to some track repairs . You can just jump into a car , turn off the radio at your favourite station and have the pleasant drive to your location .
Cars is even more important for emergency situations , such as fires in a house or if someone is critically ill .
Could you imagine if our police , doctors or fire - fight players had to get somewhere fast on foot ?
I do n't think I need to comment on this .
From personal experience , I realised how important to drive a car when I was living in Johannesburg in South Africa is .
I arrived here with my family when my daughter was only 4 - months old and I could n't drive at that time .
Johannesburg is a very dangerous place to stay .
And I could n't just go for a walk , but it was too dangerous .
There was no public transport and I had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , relying on other people to take me into a shop or the doctors or anywhere else .
There , I soon realized that I had to learn how to drive if I wanted a quality life for my daughter and myself .
When I passed my driving test , I could not understand why I used to living without a car early .
I use my car every day everywhere I go and I absolutely love them !
12 - June 2001
OMG Mrs Smith ,
I am writing to inform you about an international student conference .
Firstly of all , the hotel which the group has been booked into is The Princes ' Hotel .
The city is very near NY Railway Station , which you can easily get to there .
By rail : get off at York station and you can walk from the station turn left and the hotel is on your left hand side .
By bus : most buses in the York City Centre go through the station or you can take a taxi .
Secondly , the ference is a very difficult event for all of us . We agreed to wear formal dresses again .
For example , men should wear suits , ties and other things .
In addition , at last - conference party , we will also have a country dancing program .
It could be very special because all the dancers are from our group .
Finally , , on the last day we have an afternoon free .
It would be greatful if we could go for a walk around the city of York or visit the historic buildings .
If you could think of any other ideas , it would be very kind of you . I would be grateful if my ideas and all the information could help you .
Hopefully , I can hear from you .
Yours sincerely ,
The actions have affected all our lives !
Nowadays , a lot of things have been invited and make our lives more convenient .
My car is one of the inventions which is also very useful .
So , I think a car is very important to me because it 's very convenient for everyday life .
For example , You can travel to many places in the U.K. . I live especially in Whitwell - on - the - Hill ( a village near Malton in North Yorkshire ) .
Can you imagine if I had n't found a car , how I could n't go shopping , go to college , and so on ?
Actually , there are a number 843 and 845 trains which go past my villages , but the bus fares are very expensive to me .
Apart from that , it takes a long time to go somewhere .
The car has largely affected my life .
So , I can go anywhere by car a lot faster than using public transport .
I can listen to telephone calls and sometimes can listen to Thai music , which I brought with me .
I took a car driving theory test last October and I gave it up and I will take a pre - emptive driving exam very soon .
I think I have to drive the car himself , so that I will know more about the advantages of using a car .
I think the car is very important to me and it has affected my own life .
If I had more money , I would buy another car . I thought it had many advantages and disadvantages .
So , we should say much thanks to the person who invented the car !
Dear Mrs Smith ,
It would have been such a pleasure to receive your letter . We would be extremely glad to see you at the conference , we have been organising .
Let me give us some further information concerning the events .
First of all , I would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you .
It is called the " Palace Hotel " and we hope that it would satisfy your expectations .
This conference is not too far from your hotel .
I strongly recommended you to use public transport in order to get there because you may be finding other types of transportation quite expensive .
More important , you should be aware of the fact that the conference will last two hours , until 10:00 pm .
After that , your college organised a barbecue night with traditional local music that you should not miss .
You do n't need to put formal clothes on .
Just every day clothes .
I am finally aware of this fact that the last day , you have some hours free , before you catch your plane .
You should not miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions .
There is also a huge shopping center , where you can buy souvenirs or taste some of our traditional foodstuff .
I am hoping that you will find your information helpful
I am looking forward to seeing you
Yours faithfully
THE HYSTORICAL SHOUM
welcome to Athens ! !
Without a doubt , an historical place provides its visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of Greek history with the passing of centuries .
Do n't miss the chance to visit the Historical Museum , located in the heart of the capital city .
The traditional building was built at the beginning of the century .
The historic museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what Greece has always considered as the principal of freedom : their freedom .
There were five different floors , each of them represents a different chronical period of Greek history , from the period before the birth of Jaisus and concluding to the revolution of 1967 .
This museum provides the visitor with the opportunity to see the original pieces of writing . Famous paintings have as the main subject the revolution of 1821 , and aspects of the Greek religion that has always been considered to be a vital part of Ggreek history .
The amount of money that visitors need to pay for their entry is small .
Inside the museum there is a bookshop that offers a variety of historical books , maps , etc .
If you want to discover what Greek history means , we strongly recommend that you visit Historical museum ! ! !
Dear Mary Smith ,
Thank you for your letter and I will try to help you .
I will remind you that the international student conference will be next month , on the 1st of July .
The hotel that we booked was the Palace Hotel which is near the bus stop .
When you are at the bus station , you will get the bus number 37 , which will go to town center .
From there , you will walk until college because it 's easier to get there than to get on another bus .
Anyway , the college is the first road up the right side from the town center .
after the conference , some drink and food will be available at the sports centre , which is well equipped for a disco - party .
our party has the special subject ' Western ' .
So , we suggest wearing western clothes .
On your last day you can go to the sports museum , which is grateful for being famous around the world , or go for just a walk around Reconvillier - Park .
I wish that I had answered all of your questions and that the conference will be great .
Yours faithfully .
It started from :
To : the group leader
Subject : the old Romans School .
Tell me about your location , the architecture , and the story of an old Roman school on Courtelary . I hope you will go there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful things to see .
That is the only old Roman school in the world .
Rocation : Courtelary is situated in Switzerland and the school is in the top of the town 's hill .
This place is very important , because it is there that an emperor grew up .
Architecture : It is typical of this epoque , with a beautiful drawing on the wall and the first kind of writing at the sports center .
The door was enormous because for them entry was very important .
History : everything began when Ogus Micius said that Romans need to attend school .
They decided to build more schools , especially in Switzerland , because the people were considered clever .
During the Second World War , all schools were demolished and only our school is left .
Conclusion :I gave you a lot of reasons to get to this building and I hope you will enjoy your trip here .
Dear Sir Maria Smith ,
Thank you for your mail .
I am writing to answer our question .
At first , I have already booked Palace Hotel for the students .
There is a hotel near my college .
it takes me five minutes to get to my college by walking .
I will copied the map around the college .
Secondly , I will tell you about an end - of - conference party .
It will start at six / eight o'clock .
A party would be held in the dining room .
People who will attend the party will be many professors , semi - professors and faculty .
Thus , I suggest that students should wear formal clothes .
I will give you some advice in an afternoon 's free time .
The city in which I attend college is a tradition in my country .
For example , there are many shrines , temples , and castles .
I recommend that you visit these places .
You will have such a good time .
In addiction , there are many other colleges .
You will also be able to see many Japanese students .
Now I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
If you would like to gain more information , please ask me anytime .
Yours faithfully .
I suggest you visit one building .
my town is the capital of Japan .
So I have a lot of buildings higher up .
I think it is like New York .
However , I have only a building which I want you to come to visit .
The name of the building is ' Sunshine 60 ' .
This is the most famous building in Tokyo I recommend you visit .
I know three reasons for my recommendation .
Firstly , there is the acquerium in the building .
In addition , it is the 60th floor . The first time I went there was I could n't believe it .
Secondly , if you are visiting there , you will see everyone in Tokyo .
In Tokyo , the setting is not beautiful , but you think that this city would be a developing place .
In addition you may think that a small city it is ! !
Finally , there are many restaurants inside the building . You will have a nice time shopping .
i hope when you visit you will know your favorite place .
you should visit it .
12.06.2001
Dear Mrs Smith , Thank you for your letter asking for my help at the conference .
My best would like to help you with your work .
Firstly , Palace Hotel has been booked into for the group accommodation , and I spoke with the hotel manager because we were traveling to the conference .
The hotels have their own buses . They pick us from hotel to the conference saloon .
Secondly . I would like to talk more about an end - of - conference party , I booked Palace hotel 's restaurant for our party and it was big enough for your students .
It is supposed to be very lovely and enjoyable because I have lots of surprises for students .
in addition , I suggest that they should wear sporty and comfortable clothing .
Finally , you want to know about some activities for three hours of free time .
I think you can go to Dreamland .
There are video games in this place . Some little competitions and a small zoo are available .
Students will enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way to the airport .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
To : American students group leader
from : ...
RIGHTS : Information onan interesting building to visit
Introducing
These are my reports for American students who want information on an fun building to visit in Ankara .
I wanted to describe ' Anitkabir ' .
findings
One . That building 's name is ' Anitkabir ' and it is the biggest building in Ankara .
The store was built in 1952 .
it is located in the middle of the forest .
There is different kinds of birds and different kinds of trees presently .
2 .
It has very big museum inside the building and all of the building are made from stone .
3 . The building 's security guards are very special soldiers .
The aim , they say , is to protect the buildings from the enemies because there is a very large army museum available .
4 .
There is no reception for the entrance and the view is good for tourists seeing Ankara from the hills .
It opens at 6.00 am and lasts from 8.00 to 5.00 pm
Recommendation
I would recommend that it should be the best buildings in Ankara to visit , because it includes all of Turkish history and very good sight seeing .
Dear Mrs. Smith ,
Right now , I am writing in reply to your letter about the internation student conference .
the hotel which we have reserved for your group is the Palace Hotel .
It was not far from our college , it took 20 minutes by car .
It would have been a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college , because the total number of people in your group is 4 and taxi fares would not be expensive .
The hotel has a taxi route opposite it .
Regarding the end - of - the - conference party on Thursday , It starts at 7 p.m. in the garden of the college .
You can wear either casual dresses or fancy ones because we have fancy - dress competition and a bottle of French champaign .
By Friday afternoon , it was set to be his free time .
Therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre , which is near a college .
Many beautiful traditional souvenirs can be found there .
The other suggestion is to go to a flower market which is very popular for tourists because it covers 2 acres and there are plenty of flowers to shop for .
Moreover , it is the biggest flower market in this area .
I look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a secure journey .
Yours sincerely ,
Inveiled Light
There are several sources of light in this world , such as suntop light , moonlight , candlelight .
But some of them are natural , whereas others are not .
, Owing to increasing demand of light for more activities , natural resource is inadequate .
There , the electric light was invented .
Nowadays , electricity has become a part of our lives , especially during the night .
If we do whatever we have to do at night , we need the electric light .
Do you ever imagine how this world was if there were no electrical lights ?
It must have had a big impact on the industry , the agriculture and our lifestyle .
Think about when the electricity at your house got short - circuited .
Do you think it is uncomfortable ?
Could you do anything so much without light ?
In addition , the electrical light is a manuscript of other electrical equipments and it has become an important part of our life , too .
I think we should be grateful that we have got an electric light to comfort our style .
Dear Mr Smith ,
There was a lot of pleading to receive your letter .
" It is my pleasure to help you with organise an international student conference .
Firstly , for your information , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is located in the town centre .
The students can take the airport bus to the hotel directly when they arrive .
Andthe best way to get there to the conference is to buy a coach . As there are about 35 international students , they are all strangers here .
Therefore it is no good to take a bus .
I will help you book a coach .
Secondly , the end - of - conference party will be held at the college 's main hall , between 8:00pm and 11:30 pm on 20th June .
There will be various kinds of food and drinks provided .
Also , students can dance and enjoy different sorts of music ; for instance , rock - jazz , pop , garage and such .
Fully , I suggest you and the students wear pub - wear to it , as it is suitable for smoking .
Finally , on the last days , I suggest you should go the market in town during the 3-hour gap .
It is a nice place to buy British style gifts for your family and friends .
you could also enjoy tea in the cafás nearby .
I would like to thank you for giving me any help I need .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Yours Faithfully ,
Starting : Genevieve Chiu
For example , To : Group Leader of American Students
Subject : Interesting buildings to visit in Hong Kong .
Visiting the Po Lin Tempple
The reason of this is to provide information to the American students , describing the Po Lin Temple as being worth visiting .
First ,
The brief history of Po Lin Temple :
It was found in 1910 .
It is a traditional type of Chinese temple .
Because of the Second World War , it was re - built in 1960 .
A major Buhha was built in 1997 just near the temple , which is the largest outdoor Buhha in the world .
2 . location :
The location of Po Lin Temple is in Lotus Island , which is the second biggest island in Hong Kong .
3 .
Opening and Closing time :
Po Lins Temple is open to public from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm from Monday to Friday , and from 9:00 am to 5:30 pm on Saturday and Sunday .
4 : Transport
You could take the MTR ( HK underground ) straight to Lotus Island or take a ferry to get there .
Then you need to take the A110 , A111 or A112 bus to Po Lin Temple .
It is quite convenient .
All the bus and MTR have air - conditioning .
5 .
The attractiveness points :
You could go sightseeing around the Temple and take photos .
Overseas , you may get more knowledge about Hong Kong , as the temples have been here nearly 100 years .
A well known Big Buhha : You must n't miss it , or you will be sorry .
This temple also provides free traditional Chinese style meals for visitors .
and 6 .
Results :
To sum it up , I think the Po Lin Temple is a nice place to visit , especially to American students .
It is easy to get there and free amittion .
Also , Hong Kong is known as a very commercial city . But you could find something different in Po Lin Temple .
Hello Mrs Smith ,
First of all , my sorry to hear that Richard Brown is ill .
As you are the leader of a group , instead of him , I 'm delighted to give all the information you asked for .
The Palace hotel has been booked for the group , and , from there to the conference , we organised the hotel 's bus service to take the students to the conference .
We will meet in the lobby at 9.00 AM .
This conference party will last at 1.00 am , but nobody needs to stay there until the end .
There would be a bus taking students who did n't need to stay at the party until the end .
The bus will be on service at between 9.30 PM and 11.30 PM . Then at the end of the party , it will be the final one .
Everybody is free to dress for the party but be considered to be appropriate .
Last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre nearby by the airport .
You will enjoy watching or buying for friends there a lot .
If there is any information you need to understand about the conference , let me know .
I looking forward to seeing you at this conference .
Yours faithfully ,
Telephones save my friendship
It 's very hard to decide which invention is the best .
It 's because every one is so important in different ways .
Because I 'm being away from home , the telephone is very important to me .
When having telephone , I can call my mum and my friends which help me from home . I am not completely ill but I think it 's better than other methods .
When hearing the voice of the person you love , you feel that it 's hard to describe , that it 's wonderful and so real ; you can imagine their face clearly .
I had a problem with my best friend once when we were on tuch through e - mail .
The problem is the language . We use English , but we were both not very good about it by the time , which made us misunderstand each other .
But , the problem was solved by phone .
We are now still friends .
thanks to the invention of the telephone .
Dear Mrs Smith
With reference to the information that you asked , the hotel that had been booked was the Holiday Inn , in New Port , and to get to the University of Wales , which is not near the hotel . You only had to take a diversion where it was clearly indicated to Carleon , and once you are on the main road , all you need to do is to follow the country road which takes you direct to that place .
Regarding the party at the end of the conference , this will be formal . Therefore you will need formal crowding as you know there will be company directors , managers etc .
As for the day before , I would like to suggest you take a visit to the dressing museum and the ruin 's castle .
First , you will see a very interesting collection of Roman vestiges , and you also can visit another section of which it is supposed to be a Roman site .
Yours faithfully ,
I had always considered myself to be very looky born in the Century because of all of the amazing human inventions .
as an example , let 's have a look and see how this nation has developed .
we need to just think about the First World and all the inventions created thanks to the industry revolution these days .
However , I feel that there should emerge more growth to control this development because of the industrial pollution that has been created and it seems that what has been done at the moment is not related to our embiroment .
I hope in the future there 'll be more and more people interested in this important issue .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I read your letters and I 'm ready to help you with that .
I think that we have to consider which hotel is better for students .
I have an idea and I think that you will agree with me .
I was trying to think of The Palace Hotel , because it 's very nice and cheap .
It has comfortable bedrooms and place for parties .
When you book the hotel , it is the best and it 's close to a conference ; it 's only 15 minutes by foot .
I think it will be nice about the end - of - conference party if you would invite somebody to sing and give the student the time to enjoy themselves and to dance .
The party will be nice .
The clothes that they will wear now have to be smart , not as long as you are going to the casino for example , but nicely casual , not with sports shoes or T - shirts .
In the last day , in the afternoon , when you have three hours for free , you can go for coffee or to visit some places .
Such are my ideals for that conference .
I hope that you would like that .
Your faithfully ,
Today we write an article about inventions that we needed in our lives .
I consider that all these things we need in our lives because it can cause us a lot of things to happen .
Firstly , we needed a telephone in our home , because it 's important to make calls if you need one , if something like that happens in your house and nobody is next to you .
The second one is the lamp , the electricity , which is very important to our lives .
In the past they did n't have any electricity , and if they wanted , for example , to read and cook , they usually did something in a fire .
I believe it 's important to have electricity because without this you ca n't do anything .
The other one is television .
You must have a TV so you can listen to what happened in the world and then you can watch some places that you did n't go to .
You can enjoy watching a film if you have free time .
A boat is n't so important , but you can also use it for fishing and to see some places .
A car is very important in our life . You can go wherever you want now .
This year the families have 3 cars in one family one by one person .
To me , the most important reason is the telephone , because , without this , you ca n't do anything , it 's part of my life .
Sir Maria Smith ,
Firstly of all , the group had booked into The Palace Hotel .
It is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people .
There is a swimming pool and a nice bar .
The hotel is ten minuts from the conference and there will be a buses available to go directly there .
At Andean 's end , there will be a dinner with a luxurious restaurant , so people must have nice clothes ; jean 's are not allowed .
Next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people that like dancing .
We do a lot of things in the area .
Our possibility is to visit the old town , it 's very nice and there are a lot of shops there .
We could visit the old castle or the museum , too .
I find television the most important invention .
I think it 's good for old people because some of them could n't go to the movies anymore .
In the one hand , it 's because they do n't have enough money to pay for it and , on the other hand , it 's because they ca n't get around very well . For example , if they have disabled people .
With television , older people are less alone , because most old woman do not have her husband anymore .
A television program is a good way to get informed with the news .
I rather be informed by the television than by the newspapers . They 're more relaxing .
I think television is a good invention for children when they have free time . While they are watching television , we do n't have to look after them if we need to do something important .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I 'm very glad that I am able to help you out in such a suitable way .
At first of all , the group had been booked into ' The PALACE HOTEL ' .
You will not have any problem finding the college because it 's in the front of the Hotel and the conference will be there .
In case you know , the conference will start after 11:00 and end at 13:00 , but we will have lunch altogether at 13:30 and will be in the college 's hall until 14:30 .
If you want you will have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers , and if you are willing you will be able to put on a blue jacket .
When we finished you 'll be able to enjoy yourself in your cinema or television room , but if you would prefer other things , we 've got a swimming pool and a library , it will be your own choice .
I hope it is useful for you .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Group leader ,
In order to meet your request , I hope to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , Fuengic .
Fuengirola has a wonderful , beautiful castle which is right on the seafront .
They are on top of a little hill which is part of a beach .
you must n't lose the chance to see this castle , because it is an excellent place and there are alot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenir .
At the same time , as you are enjoying the castle , you could take a break from shopping to go to the beach , and you could see the castle from the sea , which was amazing .
Also , there is a history museum inside .
However , you have to visit the castle , you wo n't find regret in that .
Yours faithfully ,
Dear Madam Smith ,
I am writing to answer to your letter in which you asked for information about the conferens and other points in relation to them .
The hotel where your group has been booked is the Palace Hotel .
it is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city and it is very near the college which the conference is going to , a five minute walk away from .
Going walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus ,
When you get to the Collegethere will be people heading to the conference room .
At the end of the conference we had a party with some good cold drinks .
there will be music as well as dancing .
The director of College has suggested that you wear smart clothes for that occasion , and I will give you the same advice .
About the afternoon before leaving I had some suggestions .
There are two interesting places to visit in the area of Hotel .
The other is the Picasso museum , and it is an important gallery where you can enjoy seeing different kind of paintings .
I hope my information will help you and it has been useful for you .
I am looking forwards to seeing you at the conference .
Yours sincerely ,
There is an invention that I think has been very important : the computer .
Computers are very useful and they have affected our lives through different means .
The computer has done a lot of work .
For work that you need , for example , three hours , you can do it in ten minutes ; the same !
But computers do n't affect only people in a good way because , thank you to computers , the number of places they work for people is minor .
But definitely they have been a very important invention .
The last relationship between computers is the internet .
Through the internet , you can communicate with people of different places in the world at the same moment .
Also , you can pick up lots of informations about a lot of things .
All that you need , you can find it on the internet .
Nowadays , the computer has been very developmented and the number of computers is improving .
What will be next ?
Dear Madam Maria Smith ,
I 've received your letter and I am pleased I can help you .
You have been booked to stay in the Palace Hotel which is a very pleasant hotel not far away .
The best way to get here is once you have left the hotel , turn right , then take the sign to the hospital , because It is just by our college .
Then you ask me when you are in college .
The conference will take one hour , and , at 8 o'clock , the party will start , it will be a formal party and you will wear formal stuff .
The dress code is : no jeans .
We will provide you with food and drink .
For your free hours , I have quite a few ideas .
We have a lot of things to do here .
We have got a museum that is just two minutes from your hotel .
You can also come to a nearby park and eat something in the cafe .
If you go to the main street , you will find a street full of shops and I am sure students would like that .
I hope this information will be helpful .
For those of you with other questions please , do contact me .
Looking forward to meeting you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
THE MOBILE PHONE
The mobile phone has completely changed our lives . It is an instrument which I can not imagine myself living in without .
Apart from being fashionable , this is also a very helpful machine .
Did you remember that day when you were stuck in the middle of the road with your car which was going to do n't work ?
What would they have done at that time without a mobile phone ?
You had been at home in less than ten minutes just because you had a mobile phone with you . Amazing , is n't it ?
These days , everyone has a mobilephone .
I am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone .
5 years ago , you might not have even thought about it .
It has already been a plus for me .
As an example , now my parents allow me to go to more places , just because I have my mobile with me . And sending text messages is an addiction which every teenager is obsessed about .
All over the country , the invention of this little device was a big plus for everyone .
To Mrs Smith ,
I am writing to inform you that I have received a letter from you asking you to organise an international student conference at my college .
Your group have been booked into the Palace Hotel , which is Not very far from my college .
But due to the congestion and delay near the hotel , the best way to go from there to the conference is by underground Victoria Street station .
you would arrive at the other station opposing my college in approximately 15 minutes .
At end - of - conference parties , you may either leave the party or stay in a college for more activities .
All different types of clothing can be worn , however , jeans and T - shirts may be common on that day .
Instead of staying at the hotel for the last three hours , I suggest that you could perhaps visit our town centre .
Popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , the museum , the aquarium , market square , could be found near one of the monuments of our town ; the Saltsy Bridge .
I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
Yours sincerely ,
The Little Woods shopping mall
Location / location
The Little Woods shopping mall is an ideal place for you and your team to visit .
It is near to the town centre next to the town museum .
It can be accessed from the nearest train station .
Facilities
For those students who are very interested in shopping , clothing shops , jewellery , stationery stores , book restaurants , fashion and beauty departments , much more are available .
Like those who want something more exciting and adventure , you are recommend to visit the Fun Fair and the amusement room on the top floor of the building .
Other facilities such as cinemas , theatres and large department stores should also be found .
There are a little souvenir shops for tourists and a special discount for tourists aboard to get into the car park .
Conclusion ?
Unless the tourist information centre provides information you might need , you could also visit the ICT block which allows you to access anything you want to know on your computers .
A special visit could also be organized .
dear Marie ,
I am writing in connection with your letter about the international student conference .
I am thankful if I can offer you my help .
I like to give you the necessary details which could help you to organise the conference .
Rachel Brown booked a Palace Hotel for students , which is a very comfortable and close to our college .
You need only 5 minutes to walk to catch the college bus .
In the aftermath of the conference we plan to organise a big party and have a barbecue .
The party will take place on a forest close to a campground .
I hope we will have nice weather .
Thanks to that , I suggest you wear some casual clothes .
Finally , on the final day , an afternoon . If you have some free time , I would recommend you to visit a very famous exhibition by Leonardo Devinci .
This exposition will take place in the Gribaldi museum . You can find it on Crariden Street N 5 .
You never registered my suggestion .
If you need more information let me know .
Best regards ,
Report on the building at Berkeley Square .
To prepare this report I visited the business college and interviewer some students ; I asked them only one question , " Which building have you found more beautiful and which are the more interesting in our city ? "
Student , who was questioned . She said that there are many interesting buildings in our city .
However a majority of people view one a very old building which you will find in Barkeley Square .
Most of the students find this building very unique , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture .
If you go to the building , you will get the impression , feeling that you have made in the past
This building attracts a lot of people , - because it had a very special style , with majestic , antique windows .
Also , I also visited this place - and I was very impressed .
Finally , I would recommend you visit Barkely Square area .
In this area , you could also find another different building , which you would be attracted to .
Reporting on group leader
from
12,06.01
Dear Maria ,
I 've got your letter asking me for further information about a conference that you are going to organise very soon . Here you have got a little help from it .
First , I 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you are going to stay is the " The Palance Hotel " , and is situated at the center of a town .
It ca n't be difficult to find because the conference is very near to ending .
In addition , there is a bus provided by the organisation to bring all the students to the hotel .
Finally , at the end of the conference there will be a party .
I might suggest you wear a casual dress , because many students will feel relaxing after sitting all day and listening to all the conference .
The party was amazingly organized by a group of musicians , and , as I remember last year , it was unforgiving , because everyone was dancing and having a lot of fun .
This is a well - situated town with lots of museums to visit , especially " the History Museum " which I visited last year , and I think you can enjoy it as well .
It does n't take a lot of time to visit and entrance is free .
Whise , I 've been very helpful to you .
Yours sincerely ,
THE TELEPHONE SHOUR LIFTS CHANGE .
It 's impossible nowadays to think of a life without that invention as how it can quickly affect our lives - especially our business .
We ca n't imagine a big company without a phones . That can do business more quickly than any other company .
Also , they were asking about too many people in the street .
Could you live without telephones ?
The answer was " Impossible " .
An old woman told me how important the phone was when her only son was abroad , studing computers in the " Chicago University " . She told me that every night she was expecting a call from her son . Because it was the line of happiness .
However , there was one person who he told me . He was n't really happy with the phone at all , because he used to write a lot , especially on christmas to wish all his friends a very nice Christmas , but now everybody phones him , losing his very old fashioned way .
In my opinion , this little " box " that everybody has in their own home can save your life , especially if you need to rant at a doctor in an emergency situation .
In conclusion , you wo n't get very many phone calls and will not have to pay a very expensive bill .
Dear Dear Mrs Maria Smith
thank you for your letter .
Its a shame that I wo n't watch Richard because of his illness , but I 'm willing to help you out as much as I can .
Then , I will give you some information which you asked for in your letter .
Firstly , about your accommodation , our college which I belong to offers viewers free accommodations and plenty of facilities .
( For example , bath , car park , free Internet access , etc . )
They also are located on your campus so you can get to the conference by foot .
Secondly , as we know , we 'll have a party after the conference , which will take place at our student council hall with some meals .
This party is unlikely to be formal , but I recommend you not to wear jeans and a trainer .
Last , if you are free , you 'd better visit Kamakura City which is 30 minutes from our campus .
That is a very tradition in Japan , where so many temples and heritages are there .
I 'm certain you 'll enjoy it and maybe become familiar with our culture .
By The way , if you have other questions , let me send a letter again .
Oh Baby , I ca n't live without you !
Recently , we 've been surrounded with so many different kinds of products that our ancestors invented .
We seldom notice how much convenient a life we 've got , what is more , how inconvenient our grandparents have got .
how nasty we are !
Let us try to appreciate their importance again .
As for me , the invention which I think is most important to me was the personal computer . I was a full time student in university at home , and all their classes required us to have a personal computer and use it at all times .
When you take the class on computer programming , you will definitely need one and it holds right for the class on politics , because you have to study Statistics on your computer and do social research and some analyses .
My professor said ' Go and get familiarity with your computer ' . otherwise you 'll fall .
I find it amashingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we useually use without any questioning .
That 's the nature of being a human being .
But I think it 's not just our fault , but evidence of how much they integrate in our lives .
Dear Madam Smith
I received your letter asking some information about the conference
I am glad he provided all information .
The group booked the place hotel , which is near the train station .
It is really easy to reach Congress from the hotel .
The bus ran in front of the hotel .
if you catch the red bus and it will drop you on the front of the conference building .
During the conference , you should wear formal dresses but you are free to choose either colour or style .
At the end of the conference , there will be reception at the hotel .
We arranged some tours in the city .
Have you visited some interesting places and towers .
I look forward to seeing you .
Yours faithfully .
Computer magic .
You can imagine life before the computer .
Lots of books , papers , many things on the tabletop .
The computer is really a cloud machine .
He stored all his information , he never said enough and he never forgot any information . Whenever we wanted any information from him , he did n't refuse .
He saves time for humankind . People do n't need to spend a lot time recording everything ; it creates space in offices .
Many bosses or people in the factories are not needing to employ many craver workers because we do n't require them a lot .
These saves a lot money for company .
Computers help to improve health , because in the last century we could use it in a medical operation . Doctors could manage the extreme operation easily and efficiently .
Actually , the computer has brought us human life two centuries ahead . It makes life easier for us .
Dear Mr Smith ,
I am writing to you in reply to your letter , which I received yesterday .
Belbow is a piece of information you will need for the next international student - conference at Bournemouth College and some recommendations which might be useful to the students .
First of all , the hotel booked for the group is the Jewish Hotel , which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities .
This is a very central hotel , located not far away from the conference hall .
We will be able to get there either by bus ( no 150 ) or on foot .
Next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference .
I will begin at elevenish p.m. and may be last the whole night .
People are going to dress up there and It would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi - coloured clothes .
Finally , I think that you should jump at an opportunity to go to the historical Pergam 's Museum before leaving .
Someof the most amazing masterpieces are exposed .
I hope you go ahead with your wonderful trip and look forward to meet you in Bournemouth .
Yours faithfully ,
To : ( group leader )
Starting from :
Subject : Bouremouth National Museum
As requested , I visited the Bournemouth National museum , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings in the area .
The Below is a summary of the most important relevant points and some recommendations you may need .
1 . Architecture
The architecture of a building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of the luxury and ornamentation choices .
However , although the architectual style may seem a little heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no similar comparison in the world .
2nd . Exposition
Though I have to admit that it is very tiring to visit all the museums in one day , it is such a rewaranding and enriching time that people are never tired of looking at the painting and sculptures in each section of the museum .
3 - Restaurant
It is a very enjoyable restaurant as well .
The waitgers are friendly and always ready to give advice .
But , in fact , that is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum .
To sum it up , I would say that this museum is more interesting in comparison with the other museums because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also very uncommon architecture and a quiet restaurant to have a rest , if you need to .
Sir Smith ,
With reply to your letter , I would like to answer your questions , and give you more information .
Firstly , the hotel in where the group is going to stay is the ' Palace Hotel ' .
Moreover , the easiest way to travel from a hotel to a conference is by local bus .
Now there is a bus stop in front of a hotel and No.31 or 3 will take you directly to a conference .
Thirdly , an end - of - conference party would be a small disco . With a variety of drinks and food provided .
Therefore , you could put on quite a casual dress .
Finally , on the last Day , I would suggest you visit Edinbugh Castle and the National Scotiny Museum , since both of them are very interesting and have a high discount .
I hope this letter will help you with enough information .
Yours sincerely ,
Should modern people be living without light bulbs ?
Well , I think so .
Only people who could live without it , must be extremely weird or somebody in a very difficult situation !
We 're nearly constantly surrounded by ' man - made ' light .
With this , we read , study , walk , and so on .
In the past , people relied on the sun , moonlight and light from fire .
These were , however , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out .
So they had to read , study and walk in the dark .
Today , this kind of thing rarely happens !
Well , unless there was n't anything wrong with the power supply .
I remember , when I was about 5 , Ivisited a museum with my family .
While I was in the toilet , all the lights were turned off !
I scream and cry since I have never experienced being in complete darkness before .
When the light was turned on , I realised how important even a single light bulb will be , and I was sure I could never , ever lived without it .
To Maria ,
First of all , I am apologize for hearing that Richard is ill .
As this conference must go on , I will give you the information you asked me for in order to work hard on this conference .
As a result , the group has been arranged to stay in a hotel , which is very near where we are going to have the conference .
The Hotel was The Palace Hotel .
It is only a 5 minute walk from here to the conference and I would like to suggest that This is the best way to get to the conference .
For the party , you will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel you are staying at .
The party will be in a friendly atmosphere , so do n't worry about your what to wear .
There will only be our group , to dress whatever we want and enjoy ourselves .
Finally , what could you possibly do while you are waiting three hours ? For some people who want to go shopping .
The shopping centre is just right opposite of the hotel , however , some people may want to just wait around at the hotel with a cup of coffee .
The cafe is available at the hotel .
I hope that information would be useful .
Even if you have any questions , I am more then happy to help .
I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
Yours sincerely .
Could you live without these ?
Imagine how life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone .
How would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work ?
How could you know what happened in the whole wide world or even how you would get yourself breakfast without a a toaster ?
How would you cope with all that ?
Thank gosh for those that created electricity and applied it to every appliance .
electricity is a clever invention .
All are based on the use of electricity , for instance from a small bulb lights to the most complicated computer systems that store priceless information !
Life would n't be easy if we did n't have electricity .
Electronics are very important in keeping our lives going .
No matter where you are , or what you do , apparently , you will need electricity .
Do n't think of it this way , if we do n't have electricity , there would be no other inventions at all ? !
Personally , I could n't live without electricity .
It has already influenced me and played a great role in my life .
I watch television and use a computer everyday .
Besides the other facilities in my house , telephone , air - conditioner , fridge . For example , they all need electricity . That is why it is very important to me .
Dear Mrs. Smith
My name is ... ; I am a local student and I will give you the requested information .
The rooms of your students have been booked at the Palace Hotel near the city - centre .
Our hotel is just three busstops away from our college .
So , you and your students can take a bus from the central bus station that is in front of your hotel to get to the conference .
The end - of - conference party starts just one day after the end of the conference .
It is located in our sports hall .
There will be live music and a late night dinner .
So , you do n't have to look very noble dressed , just as you like them ( there is no order - you may wear what you want ) .
In advance of your last day , I think it would be interesting to vistit our historical and famous City - centre .
I planned to organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights .
if you have any questions write me a short letter .
Yours faithfully
The invention of the car was a great thing about history .
From there on People got mobiles and had the possibility to travel wherever they wanted .
Of course , the physical barriers are within reach .
People now have the chance to travel to far away places to spend their rest time relaxing , and just to see something different than their home - countryside .
During my lifelife , cars have had an enormous influence . I come from a countryside .
The next city is 15 km away and there is still no acceptable bus or rail connection to go there .
It has been quiet hard for me not to have the opportunities for my free time like my friends who live in or near the city .
I had just no possibility to meet them after school , because I had no vehicle to go there .
I have always needed my Mom or My Dad to take me where I wanted to go .
Today I have my own car and I usually use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place or any time .
So , with my car , I gained a great deal of freedom .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I am sending you your letter in which you asked for some information about the conference of Peterborough Regional College .
Your group has been booked into the Palace hotel , which is situated in the city center , about 15 minutes from where the conference is taking place in .
From the next page there is a map showing what the best way for you to get to the conference will be at Regional College .
The conference will start at 7 p.m. , the same day we expect , June 18th .
Our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music .
However , for the people interested in it , there will also be a amusement karaoke .
Everyone should wear formal clothing , at least , a little bit formal .
No jeans or T - shirts .
And there are a lot of places you could visit on Peterborough .
We have a CV where you can visit anytime and there is the river side , which is the best if it is a nice day . sunny and warm , because take a walk .
For any details look in the next page map .
Yours faithfully ,
Alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She had had a dream where somebody told her that day could be special .
So , she used the bus , like every morning , and she would go to school .
But that day was a little bit different : she had her maths exam .
she had never passed an math exam and she was really nervous .
half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to get a cup of tea .
She sat down and , what a surprise , she found a lottery ticket .
No one was around her , so she brought the ticket .
Drink her cup of tea and she goes to the classroom where the exam took place .
She took the exam really well , she was very surprised , and after she went home for the exam .
She spent the rest of the day listen to music while she was thinking about a lottery ticket and waiting for the TV show at 8 o'clock .
On the time , she turned on the TV and while the man at the lottery was shouting the winning numbers , she checkered hers and said , " What was the surprise that the last 4 numbers were the same ! !
She won the £ 500 ! ! !
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Every day , I have just received a letter from you .
I really appreciate your interest in our conference .
First , the Palace Hotel is the accommodation you have booked for yourself .
This is a very niceties hotel and I am sure you will be very pleased to stay there .
Secondly , we will have no problems organising the conference .
Occasionally , using the taxi is the best , but unfortunately , it is quite expensive for students .
However , we have already prepared for a mini - bus for you .
The bus will remain in front of your hotel from 1 p.m. to 8 : 00 am and it will take you to the conference building .
Thirdly , we have the end - of - contest at 6 p.m. You can have dinner with wine , which is very famous in our area , and you can also enjoy a semi - classical concerts which we have prepared for 3 months .
I hope you willwear formal suit and dress .
You will not not be allowed to enter this party , unless you wear casual clothes .
Finally , do not have any problem spending your extra time in Cambridge because you have a lot of attractions .
Cambridge bus trip , for example , will be a very nice time for you , since it is the best and the easiest way of getting to know Cambridge .
But if you do not like it , you can enjoy a city centre walk tour and then you can enjoy going punting , which is the most pleasant attraction in Cambridge .
and I hope you will be happy with your conference and party etc .
We have prepared all of them for a long time .
Please oblige us with your attending .
If you want more information , please please let me know .
Yours faithfully
Dear Mr or Mike ,
welcomed to my town and I will really appreciate your visit .
I would like you to visit ' COEX ' , which is located in Samsung - dong south of Seoul .
I am going to give you some information about this building .
This building consisted of the World Exposition Centre , a multimillion yen theater , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court and an aquarium .
Now there is holding the ' The World software for Linux ' exposition in the exhibition centre .
If you 're interested in computers , it will give you great pleasure .
As a multiplex cinema , it is the best cinema in Asia and it has 18 screens .
Therefore , you can enjoy all of the latest films there .
If you want to buy something , especially clothes , shopping mall , which is called ' COEX mall . ' It will be the best place : is very cheap and has lots of clothes designed .
You should also not miss a food court .
They provide all kinds of food .
Korean , Italian food ... you will enjoy everything .
Lastly , I really wanted you to go to the aquarium .
Actually , I have been there three times , but I still want to go there again .
I am sure you would like that very much .
I hope you will enjoy your time in my town . I would be very happy if you would be satisfied with my recommendation .
Also , if you need someone to guide you , please send me e - mails or make me a call .
Ilook forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am writing to offer you some information on the conference , as you required .
First of all , your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is very comfortable to stay in and has beautiful landscape .
Today I would recommend you get to the conference by subway because the subway station is situated 5 minutes ' walk from the hotel .
It would take you about 15 minutes to arrive at a college .
There will be a party after the conference .
We will serve you dinner and some college students will sing , play musical instrument and so on , but you can join if you wish .
Therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes .
Finally , this area has its reputation of shopping centers , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food , and so on .
You should be able to buy them at reasonable prices .
I hope you will enjoy your stay in my country .
I 'm looking forward to meeting all of you .
Yours faithfully ,
A Amusement Centre
Introducing
The aim of this report was to give information on the Amusical Centre in Seoul .
It is based in part on my experience and the views expressed by local people who were interviewed .
The Facilities
It was found that an Amusement Centre is the most popular building in Seoul for people to enjoy themselves .
There is a broad range of facilities including theatres , game centres , Korean restaurants .
In particularly , people seemed to be satisfied by theatres , because the screen was massive .
The Korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular among foreigners .
Things to shop for
Its seemed you could buy anything you wanted at reasonable prices in the building .
Especially in Korean souvenir shops , it was felt to be extremely poor .
But , you could buy luxurious things as well if you want .
Conclusion
In short , the Amament Centre is a fascinating place , and it deserves a visit .
I would highly recommend this building , because you not only can enjoy yourself , but you could also experience Korean culture that might be exotic to foreign visitors .
Hello , Mrs. Smith
Thank you so much for your letter that I received yesterday .
I am sure , together they could have had a good student conference at my college .
I will give you some useful information now .
First of all , we come to some important points for the organisation .
The group has booked into a comfortable and well situated hotel called the Palace Hotel " .
The hotel is on the right hand side of Parker Piece , which you can look at on the map , which I will send you .
the , Palace Hotel " , a 5 minutes walk from the station .
The conference centre is situatet in the building opposite a bus stop .
After short speech from our director , the evenings will begin .
In a well know and enjoyable pub in the town centre , we consume the same food and drink .
Furthermore , there will be a very famous life band .
You are not supposed to wear some special clothes .
If you have asked me , for some suggestions for your free afternoon .
Naturally , we get a lot of interesting things to visit , but some things , especially our cathedrals ,
The architecture will bring you back to the old times , as well as stained glass windows , which are really amazing .
We also have an interesting a museum and modern theatre .
Finally , I am sure you and your group will spend a couple of funny relaxing days together .
If you have any more information , Please do not hesitate to contact me for some further information .
I look forward to meeting together soon .
Yours faithfully .
Inventions affect our whole lives !
Why is it that we use many hours every day ?
Sometimes it 's early in the morning until late in the evening .
Yes , there is the TV .
It is well known in almost all families , often with a lot of different types of canals .
First of all , the TV could tell us the news in a short time . What had happened all over the world ?
Another point in favour of invention of the TV is that they are telling us about interesting reports . For instance about animals and different cultures in other countries .
Besides , they have a lot of different programmes , usually something for everybody .
It can be relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work .
Actually , the TV is in my opinion very useful for getting important information . You can watch the weather , and all of the films are presented in wonderful colors .
To sum up , in my opinion , TV is a very good and useful invention .
However , they carry out a lot of violence which is not good for children .
I do not imagine living without television , it is something that we need for our education , for getting news and other helpful information .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
Hello , your letter too .
Truely , I 'll try to help you as good as I can .
first , I 'll tell you the name of the hotel . It 's the Palace Hotel .
Fortunately , it is not far from our college .
If you go from the hotel to the Conference , you only have to take the bus No.7 and take off at St. James college , where the conference is going on .
About the end - of - conference party , I can say that only a band will be playing the whole night , and a special guest I still do n't know will be expected .
I suggest wearing casual clothes , I think there 's no need for school uniforms .
In answer to your last question , I would propose you attend the local zoo because many baby animals were born in the past few days .
Dear Mrs Smith , I hope the given information will be useful to you .
I looks forward to seeing you at this conference .
Yours faithfully ,
The telephone
Can you imagine there 's any telephone ringing in an office ?
Or living your life without chatting for hours with your best friends ?
Please , can you ?
I could n't !
The telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell at the end of the 19th century .
Its an invention nobody thought was important or would be widespread in the future .
Nowadays , almost every household in the Western world owns a telephone , and calling relatives or friends from all over the world is no strange thing .
People need the telephone not only to chat , but also to exchange information in a very shorter and direct way with the possibility to answer immediately .
Since I was child , we had had no telephone at home , and I always had to call a phone company in the centre of our villages .
Now I have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture I 've bought was the telephone . I 'll never take it away from my home .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
So , I want to inform you that I have already talked to Richard Brown , and he informed me about the conference .
next week I will start organising some events for this conference .
The event will be organised at the Palace Hotel .
That same hotel you will stay at .
Palace Hotel is in opposite the park ' Clifton ' , which is near to the college .
We chose that hotel because it is near the college and we do n't need to use transport .
Because you know where college is and you need to bring with me some things from the college to the hotel , I think that is better to come with all the college players and then we can go together to the ' Palace Hotel ' .
The conference starts at 9:00 o ' clock ; you need to be at college half an hour earlier .
Concerned about ending the event , I 'm thinking about some dance and singing events .
Let me know .
Arriving for the clothes we need to wear must be uniform , because it is the best conference in London and every year lectures are coming from another college .
And finally , on the last day , we have organized a sightseeing trip around London . You will have the opportunity to visit some museums and zooland parks .
I think that is a nice idea .
If you need more information , you can call me . My telephone number is 047áá… . Please , if you have more ideas , send me a letter .
Yours sincerely ,
Now all the people have a telephone .
Telephone is part of our life .
It is one of the the most important investigations in the world .
Telephone is the type of communication .
If you want to talk with your friends , parents , partner or to ask something , you should call them without wondering how to communicate with them .
In particular , if some of your relatives or friends live in other country , you can communicate with them with them and everyday and you do n't feel that they are far away from you .
Today , technology development has improved and the abilities of the telephone have increased .
These are telephones and you have the opportunity to talk with more than one person online .
Also , you can leave messages if you call or ca n't find anyone .
The last type of telephone is the mobile phone .
You could use them everywhere and at anytime .
Finally the telephone , apart from a type of communication , is type and socialisation .
Nowadays , people who are so busy have no free time to meet their friends . We can call them and talk with them .
Especially when young people use the telephone many hours and that is trouble for their parents .
The T - phone is very important in investigating if people can use it correctly without using it as type of entertainment as they are doing nowadays .
Dear Mrs Smith
I have received your letter , which was about you asking me to inform you of you .
As you know , a hotel with the name of Palace Hotel has been booked by your group .
The best way to go from there to the conference is to take the taxi .
I have no buses to get there .
We will have a great party at the end the conference .
The ceremony will be formal ; therefore , you must wear formal clothes , like a suit or a dress .
As we know , it is not suited to wear a jacket or something .
First , on your day , you have an afternoon free .
In my space there is a fantastic park which is the most famous park in the country .
You can look for a lot of things to do or to look at .
You can visit the zoo or walk around an amazing lake in the park .
I hope you will find all the details of what you would like to have in the letter .
So , if you need anyone 's information , please let me know .
Yours faithfully ,
Power Of Computing .
How much can a computer affect your life ? I think its effect is even more than you may think .
Once , when I was a child , I always wanted to know the lyrics of songs that I liked , but it was nearly impossible to have one .
I felt like I was out of them all .
I bought a computer as I was in university .
It was so necessary for me because I wanted to be a computer programmer .
That time , I had seen the magic world of computers .
The Internet was so popular and Linking was very popular .
The Internet was amazing to me .
Can you think you have every bit of information you need whenever you want ?
Can you think you can contact anyone who is from any country whatever you want ?
I get to meet a lot of people on the Internet and it really interests me .
I learn a lot about their culture by speaking to them online .
But I had n't been able to imagine this before .
In addition , today 's companies can do nothing without computers .
Everyone in this world will work using computers from now on .
Computers changed our lifestyle and my opinion about the world .
And they effect everyone 's life directly or indirecently .
Dear Mrs M. Smith ,
I am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you have requested .
First of all is the Palace Hotel at 82 Regent Street , so that it is very easy to reach the conference venue .
In fact , you can take bus number 3 ; as you can see , the bus at the stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church and you pass on your right hand .
Lastly , we will have the party in the hotel at 8.00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 8.30 p.m. It would be also possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocktails free of charge . I would recommend your students to bring their Identity Card to prove that they are aged .
What is more , I would suggest you to wear a very smart dress , and for men , it is required to wear a tie .
Finally , if I were you , I would go shopping at the City Centre to spend your last hours with you .
However , if you are interested in Archeology you should visit the History Museum in Garden Square .
You will find my letters of interest and I look forward to seeing you .
Yours Sincerely ,
Have you ever thought about living without your car ?
How would you manage your daily life without it ?
For the last fourty years , people seem to be completely addicted to using their own car .
It is said that The majority of citizens have got a car and unfortunately , this is the reason why cities are getting more polluted .
And this kind of facilities has made our lives more comfortable and easy .
In fact , we can go anywhere , sitting either with our friends or with our family and carrying luggage and shopping bags .
Cars are able to only cover short distances but they can also be used for a long journey .
For example , in the past , it would had been extremely exhausting to travel by riding a hill but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of options to choose from .
, I have to say that it has made people lazy and at the same time stressful due to the traffic .
On the other hand , one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have high lasts and allow us to travel quickly .
This is why I ca n't imagine my life without them .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Thank you for your letter which I received last week .
If the student is ill , he / she will return the money , but you should tell him / her within a week before the school starts .
And you are standing in the Palace Hotel , which is located in the town Centre .
You can get on buses or school buses .
It takes forty pence .
If you use public buses , it is more expensive than school bus costs .
The stop - of - conferences party is going to start from Seven o'clock .
A teacher , who will be voted upon by students is making a speech for one hour .
After that , student is making a speech about what he or she has learned , and dinner .
In I opinion , you should wear normal clothing .
Therefore , I would like to suggest that you should visit a building of sixty - two which consists of sixty second floors .
There are an eye - max cinema , museums , garbage cans .
This is a very famous place in Our city .
I look forward to my advice .
I looking forward to seeing you soon .
Yours sincerely
Pusan Castle
Pusan Castle is located in south of Pusan .
This is the biggest and oldest city in Pusan .
There have exhibited historic things : picthurs and clothes .
It was built four hundred years ago .
When go up to the top of castle , you can see the whole town .
and there is a very big parking lot in the castle .
A Pusan Castle show is about Korean history from when our King made our country .
etc , and there are a lot of facilities in Pusan Castle .
Restut .
Shop specifically for groups .
They will be given discounts .
What is more , every place is explained in english .
So you do not need a pet , but the entrance fee is a bit expensive .
That cost ten pounds .
Fortunately if someone visits a castle that has over ten people , they give them a discount .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith
With reference to your letter which I received yesterday , I would liked to give you some details about the international student conference , also the accommodation and activities that are planned this week .
The Hotel that is booked for the students is one of the main places in the area , it has vast facilities and is situated near the place where the conference is going to be held .
The best way to get here from the hotel is by bus and you are booked for the next day , at 8:30 am .
Regarding the party which is just at the end of conferences , a good it will be a dance party and the students wo n't really need to wear special clothes , it will just have a little dance and meet all of the students . After the party there is a small trip to the old part of the city , and I think it would be good to spend the last three hours that you had left before coming back home .
I hope this letter asks you all your questions , if you wanant to know more about it . Just give me the call or send me a letter .
Yours sincerely
The aim of this report is to give you some information about the new Acapulco recharge buildings which were built 10 years ago , and which are one of the first buildings that was built with the latest technology and are made by a important Mexican inspector .
In addition , the resort has an attractive historical background about the area and the best facilities and activities that you can have for Mexico . For example , it provides the different kinds of tours around Mexico .
However it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
In spite of the disadvantages . I would strongly recommend the students and public to visit new Acapulco resort buildings and have a great experience knowing about the buildings ' history and , at the same time , traveling around Mexico .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I 'm afraid of hearing that Mr. Brown is ill . I hope it wo n't be great .
Meanwhile , I will be glad to give you as much information as you need and I hope you will find it helpful .
The name of the hotel which the groups are going to stay at is Palace Hotel . To get , you must go to the centre of town . All buses are going in there . Once you are in the centre , the Palace Hotel is just in front of the tourism information office .
In order to have an end - of - conference ceremony we have booked one of the hotel 's halls and they will provide us live music and cattery .
Because the hotel was such an elegant place I would suggest you dress up in night clothes .
To finally fill your free afternoon , I would hardly recomend visiting a cathedral and having a walk around the old part of the city . If you like it it it would be my pleasure to show you the surroundings .
yours faithfully ,
The chairs are not only part of the foré. They are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums as art symbols .
Who might have invited such a useful item ?
But nobody has got this clue , but they must have been the clever people on earth .
The whole world is packed with many different types of chairs , from the common wooden ones to the more sophisticate and comfortable others , who are finding a great range of prices .
My point of view the chair is without a doubt the most useful gathering ever invented .
Some people use it for their work , others wish to get a one by the end of the day , and for some other people , a chair is represents the possibility of moving .
Although it is worth saying that not everybody could choose his ideal chair there was a special one for each one of us .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
Thank you for your letter ,
I am happy to help you with the organisation of the conference .
I phoned the tourist last week and I got some information about the accommodation for the students .
I think we should book at the Palace Hotel .
The building is situated inside the city centre .
The Hollywood is in a good position : a 10- minute walk from the conference and I think the best way to reach there is on foot .
I am sure people will enjoy walking in the streets in the town .
It started at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and finished at 7 pm .
I think they should wear smart dresses . Because there will be a lot of interesting people and an important meeting .
In conclusion , on the next day , I think it will be very interesting for students to go to town and appreciate its monuments and art .
On the whole , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you should have a picnic at the wonderful park .
I hope my suggestion and idea will help you organise the meeting .
I appearance forward to receiving your confirmation .
Honestly ,
Reported :
TOM :
FROM :
DATE : 21ST June 2000
PERFORMATION INTRODUCT :
As requested , the aim of this report is to assession the suitability for a group of American students for a visit at the Etruscan Museum .
GENERAL INFORMATION :
The museum is situated in the centre of Populoniou , the picturaresque fishing village on the Etruscan Coast .
Populoniou is about 15 Km . from Piombino and it can be reached by well - organised transport .
FINANCIAL DESCRIPTION :
The Etruscan museum is one of the most attractive buildings in my town .
It contains lots the archeologies the Etruscans founded , and some of the remains of neoropolis .
The entrance fee for each student is £ 7 .
POSITIVE ASPECTS
first . The Museum is well - organised for tourists .
There are some shops , cafíand toilets .
Also , there are some free handphones , that explain the history of the museum .
2 )
After they visit the Museum , they can enjoy the superb view of the sea and the tuscan Archipelago , and they have a picnic at the beach .
NEGATIVE ASPEOPLE
1 .
The negative aspect of a museum is that it is quite expensive for students .
CONCUSION :
Although theentrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , am I strongly recommend it to them for excursion and their interests ?
Dear Mrs Mary Smith ,
I am write to give you some information asked for in your letter which I received in the morning .
Their group has been booked at Palace Hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in London .
Personally , I would be pleased if you had this opportunity to use its various facilities .
It is based in the city centre and is about six hours underground from the conference .
At my opinion , the easiest way to get to there from the conference would be by taking the picadelly line .
However , you should take a bus number 150 , if you would like , to have a look in the city centre and have some free time too .
Regarding the end - of - conference party , I would suggest to wear some dress for a women and a women 's elegant suit for a man . Though , it is not formal .
The party will finish quite late so we decidedto provide a bus which will take you safely to the hotel .
Usually , during three hours in the afternoon , nobody is able to visit all kinds of interesting places in London .
But you would have to have a long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
I looked forward to welcoming you .
Yours sincerely
are you always happy when your telephone rings ?
But as far as I am concerned , the telephone was invented in 19th century .
It has been affecting our lives very fast , although there are some different ways of communication , like TV , for instance .
Since the internet was announced , many of us would n't imagine life without this .
We were also able even to have our own phone kept in our pocket for a little while .
However , you are always happy when your personal phone rings .
On the other hand , I wonder whether you have experienced some situations in which you wo n't have your mobile switched on .
Because of this invention , it has affected my life completely .
Since I have been travelling around the world , I would have imagined becoming tough with my family or friends without my internet or my mobile phone .
Despite having the opportunity of keeping in contact with friends at the time , we are far away from home and we should have been able to know how to use it without interrupting others .
dear Maria :
Thank you for your letter .
I will be pleased to help you .
the following is some information about the international student conference .
The party will be take place in Palace Hotel .
The hotel is very close to to the Town Hall .
From Park square , go straight .
Then you can see the signs of hotel .
It was an International student party , so I suggested wearing traditional clothes .
They look nice and have great meaning .
If you notice every student what they could eat , they can bring some traditional food to the party .
After a meal , you can play some games and prepare a gift for the winner .
By the end of the conference , you can dance and sing together .
There are my suggestions regarding this party .
If you still have a problem , you 'll call me .
Love From ,
Report buildings of LUTON University
I read that a group of American students has just arrived in our town .
I want to introduce an interested building to them for a visit .
It is main building of LUTON University in the park square .
There is an academic building there .
It includes laboratories .
The II suit , academic rooms a GYM club and a restaurant .
There is a very big legendary .
You can find out any information about it what you want .
In the meantime , you will get to use the internet when you want .
If you feel hungry you do n't need to go out .
Just by being in the same building , you can find a restaurant .
I recommended this building to visit .
Because American students will know that British students study and have different campus lives .
They can also talked with British students to communicate through study experience .
This will be interesting for American students .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
me writing with reference in your letter concerning an organizational organisation of the international student conference at Wimbledon Art College .
Below I am clarifying some information you asked about .
First of all , I would like to give you more information about the names and location of the hotels .
The group has been booked into " Maria Luisa " hotel , which is situated at the centre of Wimbledon which is called Wimbledon Village .
The hotel is the next building after Art College , so it will be easy for your group to find a place .
Secondly , turning to the end - of - conference party , it is planned as a nice piece of England nature .
So , it might be a good idea to put some very pleasant and informal clothes on .
Thirdly , in talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , I would suggest you to visit Wimbledon Museum of Tennis .
Where they did quite good expositions , giving interesting information about the history of Wimbledon Tennis Tournaments .
I look forward to meeting your group at our conference .
Your faithfully ,
Report .
Introduction :
The aim of this report is to give a brief description of the Academy of Art in St .- Petersburg .
From my point of view , this building is the best option to visit .
Location :
This building is situated on a magnificent embankment of the Niva River , with an excellent view of the Hermitage Museum .
History :
The building was built by a very well - familiar Russian architect and is a marvellous example of a Russian classical architecture from the 19th century .
Facilities :
At the Academia of Art , you can find the oldiest art library with a wide range of books , the Museum of Russian Art , with a huge collection of paintings , sculpture and architectural projects from the early eighteenth to later twentieth centuries .
It 's also a good chance to be introduced to Russia 's art education system .
Conclusion :
The building for the Academy of Art in St .- Petersburg is worth visiting and an interesting educational aspect of history .
Dear Mrs Smith :
I have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group of students attending an international conference .
I find it a pleasure to help you with the information you need .
Your group had been booked into The Palace Hotels , located on High Street opposite to the Post Office .
The conference will be held in The Royal Hall and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus .
take the 67th route and it would take you just in front of The Royal Hall .
The end - of - conference party will be hosted in Francesco 's Restaurant just by The Royal Hall .
You should wear casual clothes .
About whatever you can do in the area during the free time you have . I would suggest you to visit the Modern Art Museum which now has a new exhibition .
Another suggestion could be to visit the zoo or just walk through the Spring Gardens , which are beautiful at this time of year .
My hope all this information is helpful to you .
Yours faithfully ,
Telephone : A great invention .
Imagine living without a telephone .
Yes , I know , it is very hard to imagine our lives without this invention .
Think about people living in the time it was invented .
must have been such an excited thing being able to speak to someone living thousands of miles for ........ and now for us is just as simple as to dial a number and talk to anyone we want .
Of course it is nice to have phone conversations with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and emergencies .
For example , I work for a bank ; and we need to have weekly meetings with our director living 800 kilometers away , and he does n't have to come here . We just have a phone conference where everybody can talk , and that is it !
What about emergencies ?
A phones call in time to have an ambulance might save the life of many people suffering heart attacks .
I sometimes do n't recognize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life .
But think .... , what would we do without them ?
Dear Mrs Mary ,
I is one of all of you students and I am going to give you some information , all you need .
We booked a hotel for you and the name of hotel is " Palace Hotel " . Quite a near shopping centre .
It is not far away . You just go along Park Road about ten minutes .
When you arrive at the Palace Hotel , on you are on the left hand side .
About the end - of - conference party .
We are going to have a dinner before the end of the night and at the end we are going to bring you to the hotel and you need to wear a night - dress or suit and bow cie .
Actually , on the last day , you had three hours before you catch the plane , so we suggested , you could go to the shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to the museum , because that museum is the largest in the world and now it is up to you .
Yours sincerely
As group leader
I am the student leader . We are glad that your group has just arrived , so I am going to give information about an interesting building to visit .
We recommend you to go to UCLA building .
First of all , about the BBC building , is the news building in England .
On the ground street , they have a video camera everywhere around the building and police officers walk around the buildings as well .
Up on the first floor , we have a huge radio room . We send and receive information all over the world because they have a little BBC building all over the world too ;
For example : THAILAND , United State of America , INDONID and CANADA .
And the second ground is the new room where they get on - the - air shows on the T.V. It is n't finished . I will only give you some information , but they will have more interesting things to say you do not know .
I recommend that you build this because this building is the main building in London and this building is the second most beautiful building in London ; so that is why I recommend you to build this .
From the student leader .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
Thank you very much for your letter .
I would be very pleased if you could help me with answering all my enquiries .
The hotel which your students ' group has been booked into is the Palace Hotel .
It is fairly easy to get there from the conference .
I would suggest you walk along New Street , which is next to river , and in 10 minutes you will see a hotel on your right hand side .
The hotel is located just opposite to the city Hospital .
As you can already possibly understand , the end - of - conference party will take place in the main reception room at the same hotel .
You have to be there by 7 o'clock in the Evening .
To answer your question you should be fine for wearing casual clothes .
However , if you wish to dress smartly , there is no problem at all .
With reference to last afternoon , if I were you I would visit the City Museum .
There are many interesting works of art by famous painters in this country .
Even if you have a lot of time left you ought to be going to the High Street , where you could go shopping .
please , do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need further information .
I look forwardyou at the Conference .
Yours faithfully ,
INVENTIONS HAVE AFFECTED ALL OUR LIVES !
This invention without any doubt has affected my own life ; so far it is the car .
Cars have definitely changed all our lives , and I are not refering only to positive things , but to negative ways as well .
pictured in this picture : a great city like London or New York , without cars on their streets .
Could you imagine it ?
To be honest / To be honest , I ca n't .
Careers are part of our daily lives .
Traffic jams make people nervous , sometimes really upset and violent .
However , people use cars .
If we use them , we suffer .
I usually do n't use public transport during the week to go to work but I could hardly imagine my weekends without my beloved car .
It really needs to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and any other four - wheel motor vehicles .
Is n't that contradictory ?
To go to the countryside and be able to breath fresh , non - polluted air , I have used my car , which , as far as I am concerned , does not help to maintain clean air at all .
Therefore I am thinking about selling my car , which has changed my life over the last ten years , and which has given me the kind of freedom which has left me in all sorts of fantastic places , and has changed my life for a new life : without the car .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I 've just received your letter .
This is very bad news to Richard Brown .
I 've given a lot of information to the international student conference .
Firstly , the conference will take place in a Palace Hotel , and we get from our college to there through bus .
The number 45 bus runs there every 5minutes .
It takes 25 minutes and it is convenient for us .
Also , there are some programme that are very great .
First time , the conference 's leader makes a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks .
Finally , we enjoy a disciplinary party , so you wear a suitable dress .
Last day , I go to your house and then I think about our conference plan .
I expect it will be a successful conference .
See you soon .
Yours sincerely
Alice knew that this was going to be a very specific day for her .
Alice and Jane came back to her home ,
Hello is Jane 's boyfriend .
This morning they met at a beach and then they went to the beach .
They were nice weather and beautiful time .
In the evening , they went to the disco which was Jane 's friend 's birthday party .
Jane immediately thought about her house key that was left inside her house and Alice could see her house and he found out the bathroom window was opening .
He climbed down the road up to the window and he opened the door and policemen came to see " What happened ? "
Jane explained that situation and they under stood him .
So they could go to the disco party .
it was a really wonderful party and they have never forgotten that day .
It was a really very special day .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith :
I am keeping writing to give you the information that you asked me for .
the group has been booked into the Harris hotel .
This hotel is very well placed .
From there you can get a taxi , catch the buses seven and eleven , which both have you very close to conference place , and you can also go on the underground to get here .
The conference starts at 5:30 pm and it finishes around 8:00p .
then , after the conference , there will be an informal party at the group 's hotel . It starts at 9:00 PM and finishes at 12:00 AM .
This is a formal party , so you have to wear casual clothes .
In this area you could visit the central park .
It is very beautiful and a very good place to calm down .
Another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathedrals of the city .
I hope this information will be useful for you .
Yours faithfully ,
Hamptons Court Palace
Introduction :
I have asked for information on an interesting building to visit .
I went to the Hampton Court last year , and I think it was a great place to visit .
location :
Hampton Court palace is located on the Hampton Court .
In addition to this , I think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty .
transport :
To get to Hampton Court Palace , you have to take a train from Waterloo subway station .
Then , they depart by train , to Hampton Court .
Moreover , I think by train is the best way to get to there , because The Hampton Court train station is very close to the Hampton Court palace .
Price :
It is a great price for children , students , adults and families .
They weigh between three and six pounds each .
Conclusion :
The Hampton Court Palace is a building with lots of historical and interesting things to see .
And also , it would be an excellent chance for this group of American students to see it .
To : Mrs. Smith
Thank you for your letter , which arrived on second .
June ,
I am very pleased to help organise this Conference , which will be held at the Conference Centre at Bromley College starting on 20th June for 3 days .
Please find the information you want as follows :
We had booked a hotel for the group .
Called " Palace Hot Hotel " , which is about 10 miles away from our college , the hotel will have to pick the group up from the airport on the 19th of June and then take the group to a conference room and return to the hotel every day .
Regarding the stop - of - conference party .
We planed a barbecue at 500 pm on our most idyllic play field , which overlooks the endless countryside and farms .
at 7.00pm .
we can go to our student hall to have a disc dance until 10:00pm .
On the last day , we had arranged a small party at a hotel , and then we were all set up to go sightseeing in the Bromley Town Center for about two hours before you left for the airport .
Bromley , the town center , is the most beautiful shopping centre in South East London .
Many historical buildings still remain .
I think the students will enjoy this sight .
If any further discussions are needed , please let me know .
Yours , faithfully ,
How wonderful a " light "
We needlight every day , not just night time .
We need lamplights in offices or schools or some other places during the day time .
How is the wonderful life after the invention of light ?
here we just talked about the light we invented separate from natural light .
When I was small , we lived in the country yard . I remember we used to have oil lamps which used a cotton string dipped in oil in small bottles and made them burn the tip of them to give us light during the night time . There was very little light on , and many other things we could n't do under oil lamps because the light was very small .
There was n't any light outside our house and no light in the roads or fields either .
I was always very scared whatever or wherever . because in most places ,
Covered between dark and dark .
This scared dark is still affecting my life now .
I have never stayed out after dark today unless accompanied by my family .
Like the big person on the earth , who invented the light , Einstein was .
He created another day after sunset . People use it to do everything they want to do . We believe we ca n't live without lighting today , especially in the city life . We have a lot of time for activities after the sun to stay asleep .
Which we definitely need light to continue on . I would dare to say , without light , our lives will go into a dark , dark hell .
Dear Mt Smith ,
I have been writing you to reply your question about a conference in London . Thank you for your letter .
I feel very happy to see you have decided to go to the " II International Conference of Human Rights " that will be celebrated in Albert Hall college next 25th of June .
I would like to inform you that the group You belong to , has been booked at the Palace Hotel , in the centre of London , from the 24th of June until the 5th of June .
always attend Albert Hall College . The building where the conference will be held is near Green Park Avenue , so , to get there from the Palace Hotel , you can take the number 26 bus , otherwise , you can take the Pacific Line from South Kensington Station to Green Park Station .
Its takes about 10 minutes .
Therefore , that 's the fastest way of travelling you can choose .
The conference would start at 9 am of 25 June and would finish about 6 pm on the same day .
While the day is supposed to be half and hour long , a party will be held at 12 p.m. and , finally , all the people will be there .
It will be a smart party and because of it , it will need a well - dress and immaculate presence .
Lady should wear an evening dress and gentlman dark suit .
as I can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you get to your plane . So , I would recommend you visit The Tate Modern Museum , where you will find some interesting pictures , such as Dali 's Warhols .
If you need some more information or documents about his conference , you could contact Alexia on 0033 * * * * * phone .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Your singular ,
introduction
The aim of this report is to give some suggestions to a group of American students who have just arrived in Rome and want some information about what an interesting building is visiting .
Rome is a big city where they can find several important buildings . For this reason , I would suggest that they visit
1 ) ) " Fontana di Trevi " is sited in Trevare in the center of Rome .
It is a small square where there is a very big fountain .
It was built by Canoas architect in 1638 .
That is the fountain in which a " Dolce Vita " film was filmed .
2 ) On the other hand , there is the Villa Borghese Building . That is a museum where they can find the most important sclures and pictures of Antonio Canovas and Bernini who have stayed for a long time working in Rome .
COMCLUSION
I would suggest building the buildings for them because :
2 ) First of all , there are sited in the centre of Rome so , they can take a bus to get them moving in and around the city .
2 ) Secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards , they can bring something to eat or to drink in the " pizzerias " and restaurants near these famous places .
Finally , they could combine art , history and the night by visiting one single place without spending a lot of money .
Dear Marie ,
I have been disappointed to hear that our friend Sir Brown is ill .
As our conference is because of starting next week , I respond directly away .
This is some information you have asked me about .
There are booked rooms for your group at the Palace Hotel .
And that is the best choice because it is placed less than 5 minutes ' walk from the Conference Center .
When you move out of a hotel you have to turn right and you are blouting the street .
First the traffic lights turn right again and you should watch the big blue building .
It 's our Conference Center .
At a hotel reception you will find printed information on how to get over there .
As you know , at the end of the conference , there is a party .
Parties start at 8 p.m . , then it lasts from 2 o ' clock until 3 a.m. There is an hour break between end - of - conference and party .
At this day , you and your group can refresh themselves .
I would like to mention that because our conference is a dress - coded party .
Hopefully , you will enjoy it .
We made some special attractions , like live dance music , hot or cold buffet .
About you 's last question . I can suggest visiting the Royal Castle .
That gives you and your guests an impression on our country and history .
Yours sincerely ,
In our town , there are so many interesting places to go to that it is hard to choose which one .
For me , the most interesting part is Castle .
It is placed on a hill , and it is very easy to recognize when it is there .
You will just look up and see that huge building .
Generally , it is a whole complex ; the Old and the New Castle , Cathedrall , and the most interesting part of the underground , with its amazing crypts .
And if you climb the top of the main tower , keep the view unforgettable on a white touch .
Now you can explore our great museum at the Old Custle .
We will find an amazing collection of old weapons , armored vehicles and , we are especially proud of it , a great collection of swords .
Then , I am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurants located in New Castle .
I am sure that I should be well enough for one day ' s trip .
For your information , I can say that at this time we have a five - week festival and this night will be a great show .
That would complete that amazing day .
Hello Mrs Smith ,
I am writing this letter in response to your letter which arrived yesterday .
I did welcome you and your group , and I am trying to help them by giving them the information that you had asked me to provide .
First , let me explain the way , from the PALACE HOTEL , which is where your group is staying , to the conference .
The hotel is located at the centre of Seoul . Therefore , it is a long way from the conference .
The easiest reason to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 20 minutes .
The map will be given to you on the day of your arrival .
Furthermore , the last - of - conference party will be held in the Palace Hotel 's parcel Room and start at 6 o'clock in the evening .
professor Kim from mine college is going to give a speech , and after that , dinner will be served .
The party was not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as they are suitable for dinner .
And finally , I would like to recommend you to visit a traditional Korean palace Kyong Bok for the last day 's free time .
That would be a very interesting visit for students who have never experienced an oriental atmosphere .
It is just a 5 minute walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel gate , an airport bus will be waiting to take you to the airport after finishing the outing .
I hope you will enjoyed your stay in Korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information .
I look forward seeking to see you soon ,
Yours sincerely ,
" .
Report on Kyoung Bok Palace - the Glory of Choson Kingdom .
.
introducing .
This report provides the information about Kyong Bok Palace which is highly recommended for visitors from foreign countries .
It highlights the background history of and considers the interests of young people , and made a final recommendation .
.
History .
The Kingdom Chosun had a history for 500 years and it lasted until the beginning of the 20th century .
Kyong Bok Palace was the front - runner for the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size .
Since the kings of chosun loved to be a part of countryside , the palace has a huge garden , but it was destroyed by the archipelago of Japan and now it remains only a part of our original palace .
There is a special monument for the latest queen of Chosun , who was killed by the Japanese army .
.
Activity .
The reason that this palace is also popular for youngsters , who tend to dislike the historical visits , would be the various activity .
You can try traditional games from Korea , and there is a chance to eat the traditional clothes of the royals .
In addition , there are performances which are held daily at the front gate to the palace .
. ( sounds more natural )
Final Recommendation .
It is out of question not to visit Kyong bok Palace , unless you do not want to find out about the Korean history .
You will find many interesting points there , therefore , I urge you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of Korea .
Dear Mr Smith ,
I write in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about an international student conference and to give some ideas and suggestions of what you and your students can do in our free time here .
The group has been booked into the palace Hotel , which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take you nor your students so much time to get to the town hall where the conference is supposed to be held .
The easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take buses 461 or 1766 ( the bus stop is opposite to the hotel ) . Or , we could hire a minibus for you but there is an extra charge for that .
there is a party on the last day of the conference .
Special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best .
A launch of the party is likely as our nightclub allows lots of music , dancing and fun to happen .
Please note that the alcoholic drinks are usually only sold until 11 pm .
You can wear whatever you like for this kind of party .
Come back to ideas and suggestions . I promised you I would give you about free in the afternoon before you board your plane , I can advise you to visit your zoo or to go for a picnic in a park before you have a party the night before .
Yours faithfully ,
Can you find out how many inventions you are surrounded by in your life ?
Such simple and useful things as a telefone , a cargo , a computer so it only seems to be normal and useful for us .
Hundreds of years ago , people could n't even use an electric lump when talking about a car or computer .
They have intentionally improved our lives a lot , since they appeared , but no one believes it is really so .
A few people say that many important inventions in our life are not so good and useful , as we have got used to seeing them .
First of all , they say about environmental pollution , which cars and other goods make , overspending on electricity using electric equipment , and some others .
But , in my opinion , if people 's inventions take a place in our lives , they are right then .
I think the telephone is the most important thing in people 's lives , as it makes you able to get in touch with anyone does n't matter where you are ( I am talking about mobile phone services , which now have the majority of our choices ) .
Computers make everything much faster , so everything is now based on computer system .
An electrical lamp was an important invention hundred years before ( but in that time it looked like a revolution ) .
I think it wo n't be possible to survive for us without an eclectic life .
Because of shipbuilder developments , people can make all the geographical discoveries , and an automobile transport is the undeniable necessity in our lives .
In the case of all the said , I am likely to think that the benefits of disadvantages of people 's inventions are very great , given all their disadvantages .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I have just read our letter and I am happy to help with giving you any further information .
Regarding your first question , at the conference the students will be standing in the Palace Hotel , where a reservation had been already made .
It is situated close to our college , about a five minute walking from the nearby tube station , which is South Wimbledon .
as you were informed , there will be a party for all attendees of the conference , which will took place afterwards at the hotel restaurant .
Minding the fact that there will be an entirely socible meeting , I believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event .
Finally , answering the last question about student day - out , I suggest visiting a local Lawn tennis museum and the Wimbledon Tennis Courts since it is one of the best international tourist attractions .
If You have any further questions , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I look forward to seeing you again .
Yours sincerely ,
TOO : Leader of the group of American students
FROM A :
DATE : 12.06 - 11.33 .
SUBJECT : Recommnendations about a place to visit
I INTRODUCTION :
The aims of this report is to give descriptions and recommendations for the most interesting buildings in the town .
INFORMATION A GENERAL :
What I would like to recommend is the seventy - century Royal Palace .
It 's situated at the heart of Warsaw and surrounded by buildings in an Old Town .
There is a square old Market with the magnificent statue of the king Zygmunt , in the centre of it .
FACILITIES :
. ( Good )
Inside the Palace , there is a museum with an antique collection of porcalaines .
.
There 's also a Portrait Gallery in the left wing of the Palace .
.
" The Old Town " is the best place for afternoon strolling with a great number of restaurants , cafes and street performers .
.
There is an easy reach to cashpoints , lavatories , emergency services , etched in concrete .
POSSITIVE POINTS
. .
It is simple to get there by any sort of public transport
.
There are a number of hotels or youth hostels to stay in tonight , if necessary .
.
Most of the admirers are absolutely free .
THE NEGATIVE POINTS
.
An important part of the Palace might be closed due to the constant renovations .
.
All the facilities are usually too crowded during the summer holidays .
CONCLusATION :
Despite the small drawbacks , I would strongly recommend the Roytional Palace as the the most suitable place to visit for the foreign students .
Dear : Mrs Maria Smith
I am replying to your letter to request the help you need .
I am happy to tell you the information you need about the group .
The Hotel I was being booked in is Palace Hotel , which is in the center of London , just tow blocks from Victoria stations .
I think it is a very convenient event for the group . As you know , Victoria area it is easy to travel there to the rest of the city . About the hotel is cling to it , and having good serves . The rooms are dozens and necessity . He owns bathroom ants . For the university students we have got a good visa , and the best way to get the College for Conference is to walk to Victoria station , get the tram to Glouster Road and 3 blocks to the left - hand side you will find at college .
However , I am going to make a plan to make an ache student with all of the details and addresses .
About the party at the end of conference we organised in the same hotel with a nice salon .
Would be good for your group . You wo n't need to move to another place .
we 'll have drinks and food and music for dancing .
It is not a formal party , but I think it 's fair to wear something not too formal .
I want to suggest to you that , on the last day , your group might go to Green Park and visit the Queen House . Also , this area is very nice and the group would go to after a conference , and get Freche ear ore . Another observation could be The new telling gallery I have never been there . But could be a good excuse for visiting with you .
I have been hearing about the Ave they have on Exivicuion . It is interesting .
I hope you found thes letter USfuel and , if you have any questions , tell me about it .
I am look forway to see you soon .
yoors sincerely
Inventions have affected all our lives
The Computer was invented 30 years and a while ago , Ellart lacked the process of gathering information of a big cad and it made a square hold and the aeche held mean something , Lake a Codig .
The mach used for reading this cad is so big you need a room for our computers .
I remember when I had a fair lesson in the University of Texas and the teacher took me to the Computers Center and I saw these machines and all my colleagues were lofing . Imagine how you can work on this kind of computer .
Currently , the Computer is part of our life . You use it all the time . Sometimes , you do personal thing , and one way or another is to jostl . You need go to a bank , use a transpor , go shopping etc . This is by making life easy and you can carry it everywhere , which is amazing as the way computers change programs is more and more and more useful and practicals .
But the computer has the bad look to it which means our life depends on mor and motto it .
so I feel sad when I think about the concerns about some viruses or mad practicals being made bad using the lake these days with sex .
In addition , I work with children and a computer helps with my Jop bat affection .
So I hope the world makes consensus about this and the engineer in Computer work has this problem because there could be something very dangerous .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I is writing to give you some advice for an international students conference .
First , the name of hotel we have been booked into is Palace Hotel .
And we have two choices to go to the conference , a bus or a train .
Both of these activities are as convenient as getting there .
The day before we leave , we have a party that takes place in our hotel .
It is a kind of formal party , so we should be well - dressed .
I suggest that you wear a formal dress .
There are some finger foods and drinks .
It was a great party to end the conference .
Lastly of all , in my opinion , we could go the center of the town because there are a lot of places to have a look and go shopping .
That 's quite a nice and a suitable place to spend three hours .
It could be attractive for them .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
yours faithfully ,
Imagine our life without a telephone .
if a phone haven't been invented , we would n't have lived as perfectly as we do now .
Would n't you think we could rely on it for more than we expected ?
The telephone is used when you need to be in contact with someone , as well as in emergency situations and the internet .
We have various ways to use it , however , nowadays , it is not only used by these purpose , but also it keeps us company .
Even if you feel alone , You can talk and hear from you friends easily .
and it makes you happier .
It 's been long time ago , people have lived without that perfect invention .
But how ?
They are used to keeping in contact with someone through a letter .
Despite taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was only a journey .
And that 's why they have invented a telephone service .
Now we could feel the world as a closer and closer beat of the telephone .
Who would n't be grateful for this great invention ?
Dear Madam ,
I have received your letter and I 'm pleased to answer your questions .
D. Brown has booked rooms in the Palace Hotel .
This is a first class hotel .
The easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference was by the bus .
The bus stop in front of your hotel is here .
Take the bus directly in the central town .
Afterwards four people get off a bus .
Its name is ' Kongresshaus ' .
If you go by bus , the conference is in the house opposite the road .
You must n't miss it .
Afterwards , we will eat together at a restaurant and we will go to a disco .
For the disco you do n't wear blue jeans .
Finally , on my last day I proposed you do a sightseeing tour in our town .
This takes you two hours .
When you are done you will have some time to buy souvenirs from Switzerland .
If you have any questions again , write back .
Yours faithfully ,
I will write about the innovation of the computer .
With the computer our work is easier and more interesting .
Before time on computers , people had to write all the letters .
When they would correct a phrase , they had to write the whole letter again .
Using the computer , we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writting the full letter again . We save the letter and in three weeks we can send it to an another person .
He works at a bank and I do all day work on a computer .
When we hand't ay a copy , we had to write all the transactions on paper .
So , if I order money from our bank with the computer , I ca n't be sure that I will arrive the day after .
If I had to write a letter and to send them by post , the money will arrive in two or three days .
I had never worked without a computer , but if we had n't had any , we would n't normally find it .
Mr Maria Smith ,
I 'm pleased with your help with the international student conference .
A hotel that the group had booked is the Palace hotel , which is situated near the big bridge over Mont Blanc .
To got from the hotel to the entrance , you have to take the highway to Lausanne and after nearly half an hour of driving , you go out of place which is indicated to Coppet , Divonne .
whenever you come out , just go on your right , and then I turn left to follow the indications to the Chítaigneroie school .
The final party will take place at the same place .
Some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food .
you should wear some formal clothes , but these are not really really pretty clothes .
After three hours , you can visit the Museum of the Red Cross , which is very interesting .
I hope that these information will help you .
Sincerely yours ,
The portable phone , a very useful invention !
At the beginning of mankind history , there were discoveries that tried to make human life better , but in the last century it has been the most important discovery ever made .
When the phone without cable was invented , one was n't sure if it was a success or not .
But research goes on , and a portable phone is always getting smaller and more useful .
Portable phones are an important invention , because nearly everybody has them , and , so one can always call somebody if there is a problem .
Besides , some portable phones have a connection to the web . So it is easy to read newspapers if you have n't spent enough money to buy them .
Personally , a portable phone has affected my self life , because when someone is phoning home , I do n't have to rush to catch the phone , I 'm afraid that it will be too late .
I encourage this extremely important invention for those who still do n't have a portable phone .
Dear Maria ,
I am pleased to help you with all your questions and I will provide you with some information which you need , as much as I can .
Please inform you that Central Red Lion Hotel has been booked for the accommodation of the group and that it would be quite easy to go everywhere from the hotel to there on foot during your stay here .
As you know , we arrange an evening party on the third day of the week . We say that it is sort of relaxation time .
Nothing will be special .
This place is the College Garden .
The time of the trip is 7 pm .
There is no need to bother about clouds .
Everybody should put on something casual .
Before you leave for England , I recommend you visit the canals and small villages around Building Stoke . You could find the opportunity to see country life .
Yours faithfully ,
Time flies
I have to admire that whoever invented the cars and transported vehicles was the most respectable invention of the word .
I 'm saying that it must be the most important thing for us , because we save time passing so fast .
Can you deny how quickly we get anywhere , by car or by bus .
It may be 10 times as fast as getting anywhere on foot .
Try to imagine your life without either of those things .
Will n't be unbarable and painful ?
Ceartually , it would be just like mine .
Because I lived in a rural area far from any village , town , or city center .
The nearby civilization takes me an hour to foot .
There 's no car and no local bus services to use .
Even coming to Builingstoke seemed like an international journey to me .
And ofcause this stops me every time I live a sociably successful life .
but I 'm also aware of that , the time flies for me . I must done whatever I want before it is too late .
And I have to confess the invention of the car was the most useful invention to humanity .
Dear Mr Maria Smith ,
So , I was delighted to receive your letter . I heard that a group of students from your college decided to take part in our international students conference .
Since you need more information , I answer all your questions with pleasure .
Firstly , the Palace Hotel have been booked for your band .
Its is one of the most comfortable hotels in our city and is situated only half a mile from the main building of our college , so it was very simple to get from there to the conference centre on foot .
Secondly , our end - of - conference party included dinner and dancing . I would advise you to wear something rather formal .
Also , you can spend an afternoon for the last day visiting local historical places ( castles , built in the 13-th century ) or art galleries , including the beautiful Bodnant garden .
So , , I am looking forward to the meeting with you and mutual work during the conference .
Yours faithfully
There are many diverse inventions by different people around us .
We are so used to them that sometimes we always think they existed .
Some of them are really practical ; others are rather strange .
I think One of the most important and affecting our lives is the telephone inventions .
Imagine life without the phone .
You are in the road , your car accident .
What are you going to do without the phone ?
In another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently .
And , I am sure , the phone saved many lives .
Also , it is always very nice to ring your friends and mum , just for chatting at any time .
Thanks to the phone , it is possible even that your mom is on the Other End of the Earth .
Be honest , the next great invention of people , computer , ca n't work , if you do n't have a phone .
So , I am happy for the man who invented it . Unformally , I have forgot his name .
It never happens with people , do n't it ?
Let 's try to ask who invented the will of the book .
Ch<unk> ne - Bourg , Tuesday 12th June .
Dear Mrs . Smith ,
it is with great regrets that I heard of Mr Brown 's illness , and I hope to see him soon .
However , I am both pleased and honoured to meet you and your group in the context of our international meeting .
we have made arrangements so that you could stay at the Palace Hotel .
Furthermore , since the airport is located between us and our location , a buses shuttle has been organised to pick up all our guests from the hotel to the conference room .
This end - of - conference party was to be held in the ' Royal Room ' of the hotel , which has an outstanding reputation for being of good quality and of serious strength .
So all guests will be asked to wear corresponding clothes in order to receive them .
I strongly suggest you check - in your luggage for the three hours of free time at the airport and then , after a five - minute bus ride , spend your time in the marvellous ' Old Country ' .
Best regards ,
My fair Mobile Phone ,
. The technological revolution taking place today could be directly linked to the amazing evolution in our communication abilities throughout those last years .
The inevitable invention simultaneously symbolising this aspect of our ordinary life is , of course , the mobile phone .
It is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has become a necessary condition in some professional activities .
Trades , politics and taxi drivers are but a few reasons for such needs .
However , the usual man seemed to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone has become , when it is in the hands of high school students .
It becomes then a real obsession for the average students . Just as e use it before lessons , during lessons , during lunches , and especially , during examinations ...
Nevertheless , it is a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such a usage is to communicate information during an exam , since it is a major role in actually allowing students and parents to discuss during everyday courses .
The bottom line , is that any teacher complaining about this situation has to have confiscated not the Student 's phone , but his parents ' !
Dear Mrs. Smith ,
I have just received a letter from you and I 'm writing to you as soon as possible .
I can promise you that I 'd do my best to help you .
You told me that you are the leader of the student group this year , because Mr. Brown is ill .
Poor Mr. Brown . I hope he will get better soon .
As I 've just checked , the group has been booked into the Palace Hotel .
The best way to get from the conference to there is by the coach , which I have arranged for you .
The car driver , Mr. Olsson , works for us since .
He will receive you at 11 oo a.m. The conference lasts from 12oo to 2oo p.m. When the end of conference is a party from 2 ou to 3 oo .
I advise you to wear comfortable and nice clothes because I have planned a sightseeing trip for you before you get off your plane at 8 pm and I 'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that belongs to the palace .
Then , we could have a rest in the cafe and talk before our flight home .
I think I give you all the important information .
I want to see you again soon .
Your faithfully ,
Nowadays , motorization is one of the most important inventions .
By the same amount everybody has a car or motorcyclist .
Near that time , people started worry more about pollution in the world .
Let me tell you , how the invention of the motorcycle influenced my life .
I love motorcycles and I do n't think I could live alone without them .
I have been cycling since I was 16 years old .
Both my brother and I usually go to rock concerts .
We have met a lot of people there with the same mad feeling about motorcycles as us .
Then , we went on a long journey and took a lot of trips .
We were driving motorcycles a few days befour we finally got to the pointing points .
I really enjoy driving a motorcycle .
People say that it is dangerously difficult . I do n't think so .
If I drive , only me and my motocycle .
Before me and after are my friends that I like and trust .
And Around me , nature that I could watch and enjoy while we shovel the camp .
We can go to any place we like , avoid traffic and take full buses , train , etc .
I am really grateful to the people who invented the first motorbike in the world .
Because I feel very bad about that , I do n't know who it was .
Furthermore , no matter how much I feel very good about that , because that invention has turned out to affect my life , the end of people I care about has affected my life in the very best way .
dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Thank You very much for your letter .
If you asked me about that in the letter , I am very happy to help you with finding out some details of the conference .
The hotel that your group will stay at is Palace Hotel .
It is reasonably near to the college , so it may be very good to walk from the hotel along River Thames and follow yellow signs on sunny days .
If it rains , you can board bus 54 which stops in front of the college .
The last - of - the - conference event is designed to give rough ideas about many different cultures .
So you will enjoy traditional foods , music , dances and games all over the world .
As a part ofthis , the leader of each team has to wear the dress of his country .
Others members of groups could wear a normal pretty formal dress .
On the final day , I recommend that you will visit the place that is located in the centre of our city .
It is about 1000 years old , but I am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it .
Yours faithfully ,
Can you imagine your life without any computers at all ?
Best of all , I am sure you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or on dessert !
If you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear that invention of computers has certainly had a significant impact on all our lives .
For example , all infrastructors such as transport and power stations run by computers the government uses to organising all sorts of things in a countries , and all types of services and businesses such as hospital and super - markets use them as essential capital .
In other words , almost every aspect of our lives today rely on computers .
So I am sure from this that it is convincing enough to say that the invention of computers is really important .
From my personal experience , I can also say that personal computers is also an amazing tool .
It improves the productivity of my homework , which is often essay writing , and also allows me access the internet .
When I lived abroad , the internet was really useful for me to have a contact with my best friend and to know what is going on in my home country .
I can sum up , I say that the greatest ever invention was the invention of computers that affected both individuals and society as a whole .
Dear Mris Smith ,
I 'm writing to you in reply to your enquiry about this year 's international conference .
The conference will be held at The Palace Hotel on Old Street .
There will be signs to follow from Central train station .
The conference is coming on the 31st of June 2001 , from 10.00 - 15.00 .
Light launches will be provided .
After the conference , there will be a relaxing party .
There is no dressed - code for the party .
However I suggest you could wear a similar outfit to the one you wore to the conference .
I have included a local map . There are some things at the back of the map .
Pleased with this , you could book one of the city - walk tours . We have arranged special discounts for conference attendance .
I recommend the chicken 's tour , because it is good for walking and very historical .
I hope that I have covering all the information you need and look forward to visiting you .
Yours sincerely ,
P.S. Please find the enclosed map .
There are several interesting buildings in the city of London .
I believe Liver Street Station is at the top .
The building itself looks grand and elegant .
Despite the fact that this building served half a million commuters in one day , it is always clean and functional .
There were two parts of Liverpool Street Station that made it so an interesting building .
The newly decomposed section is fairly modern in style with escalatures and touch - screen ticket machine .
It is also very well linked to the old underground station where it is in contrast to transformations .
The old bite is rather unique and charming .
You could really imagine what it looks like in the old days .
There was another surprising section on this building .
Along the way , the station is also connected to a spacious , and well designed pedestrian park .
It is a good example of great architects that were designed to provide services to the public .
Finally , it is in the heart of a city and everyone will be unable to find anything without doubt .
12th June 2001
Dear Mrs Smith
Thank you for your letter , dated 8 June , 2001 .
I hope I can give him the information you need .
So the conference will be a great experience for you and your group .
Your company will stay at the Palace Hotel .
The Palace Hill is situated in a town centre next to a railway station .
A free shuttle - bus gets us to the conference - center .
As a result , the bus leavs at 8 a.m. at the front entrance of the hotel .
An end - of - conference party is held for rent and at the Greenground .
There will be a barbecue and a place for dancing and many more .
It is a surprise !
I suggests you wear leisure clothes to the party .
On the last afternoon you could go on a tour of the city , visit the museum of Fine Arts , or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the usual park .
I hoped I could give you some ideas . I look forward to seeing you .
Madam Yours faithfully ,
What will life be like without the phone ?
Have you ever think about a world without a phone ?
How was it in the 18th century without the opportunity to communicate via phone and what would it be like now ?
I could not imagine what our life would be like .
we are living in a busy world .
In the business world , you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients , make appointments , and order articles e.c . ; then , time is money !
How have phones affected my own life ? I think that it is a good reason to think about it . I could not call my friends from another city and would only say " hello " .
It would be difficult and took more time to make an appointment .
So , what the phone revolution meant for us ?
That saves time .
dear Mrs Smith ,
I 'm writing in reply to your letter , in which you asked me for help .
I hope that I will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference .
Firstly , the Palace Hotel is waiting for you and your students .
The best way to go from there to the colleague where the conference will take place is simply to walk .
In fact , the college is situated 500 meter away from the hotel .
You know the conference will be followed by a party .
The festival will begin at 7 p.m. and last until late in the evening .
You do n't need to worry how to dress to this event .
And , in fact , the purpose for the end - of - conference party was to relax after a busy day so you and your students can put jeans and sport shoes on .
You conclude , we decided that we will organize a guided tour by coach , as you 'll have an afternoon free before your plane comes off .
I wish the international student conference would help us to get to know each other better and that it will be a success .
Yours sincerely ,
Dear Mr or Madam ,
I 'm writing in replied to your letter in which you asked me for information on an interesting building to visit .
There are so many interest places in Lausanne , but I think it is most notable because of the following reasons :
The Olympic Museum dates from the 19th century and it is the biggest in Europe .
It showed all the different sports men had been doing since the first Olympic Games in Greece .
You can see the evolution of a sport and understand why changes have been made to improve them gradually .
You can admire every kind of equipment you have needed to do any particular sport .
You will be informed about the story of sport in general and about the new technologies used nowadays in competing with high school students .
This museum is near the city center and it is accessible by bus or walking .
It will takes you an afternoon to visit and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor , which is well - known to be one of the best establishing in Lausanne .
Hopefully my recommendations will help you in your choice of building to visit .
Yours faithfully ,
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I 'm Writing in response to the letter we received from you , in order to let you know everything you have asked for .
First of all , your group have booked into the Palace Hotel , Main - Road 21 , which is situated not far from our college .
I 'll suggest you walk , and it will only take you about seven minutes .
Just follow the Main - Road until you reach a junction , whereas you turn right and then walk along Denl - a - Lion Road .
The college is a huge , yellow building . You should n't miss it .
Secondly , you have required information about the end - of - conference party .
They will begin 6 o'clock and last until midnight .
None of the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a bounty as well .
The destination of the party is n't fixed yet , but we will allow you to know after your arrival .
So , there is no need to wear special clothes for the party . The casual ones will do well , because we want everybody to feel comfortable .
Last but not least , , I would give you some ideas about where you should spend your free afternoon .
I 'd suggest you visit our local museums , as there is an marvellous exhibition there at the moment .
Provided the weather is fine , you can also go swimming or take a tour through our beautiful town .
I could book a guide for you if you 're interested )
Please write back or call me if you need any more information .
I 'm looking forward to meeting you and wishing them all the best .
Yours faithfully ,
The telephone , a blessing .
Who of you could imagine life without the telephone ?
You can not call your friend and ask if you can pop in for a moment .
Not able to lie to their mother - in - law and pretend you ca n't go to her garden party because of an illness and without having to look her in the eye ?
When AlexanderGraham Bell first invented the telephone , there was no idea of how popular it would be one day .
Its first app was to listen to a concert in order to see them in person .
Nowadays , though , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one can imagine life without it .
take me by example . I use it whenever there is a problem , and I need some advice or when I have to call off a meeting for any reason .
I ca n't always walk to the person and say " sorry , I must cancel our meeting " , because then it 's too late anyway , right ?
Life definitely wo n't be the same without the invention of the telephone .
We use it daily in order to get information , or to pass it on .
You just try to spend one week without using the telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so .
So do n't take telephones for granted , but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
Here , I would like to thank you for your letter .
I feel sorry to learn that Richard Brown could not attend a conference .
Please show him my best wishes for his recovery .
We have reserved room for all members of my group at the Palace Hotl .
It is a very Cosy building that is in the same avenue as the conference building and approximately one mile away .
There is a investor bus link between the two locations ; this is bus line number six ; a bus stop for a conference is called " Avenue de Cour " and the one at the Palace Hotel is named " main station " .
Connecting the party , we do not have a casual dress code .
Students usually wear dark clothes , which are tied to a tie , and mid - long skirts , or dresses , for girls .
There is a lot of activities that you can do during your free afternoon .
I would like to recommend visiting the " Ethnographic Museum , which is kind of unique in the world .
looking forward to meeting you soon .
I remain yours faithfully .
The car :
I think that cars are one of the human inventions that have affected the life of most people from industrial countries .
Nowadays , more than a percentage of the world 's industry is related to the automotive business ; car manufacturing , gasoline extraction and refining , tire recycling , and so on .
The industrial countries have encountered a deep evolution in their strictures since cars have been made available to everyone .
In the beginning of the last century , only a few very rich people could afford a car ; it was the same kind of leisure or sport to drive one .
Todayalmost everyone who owns a car and needs it for daily activities does so .
Transport networks have been changed according to these social evolutions .
The increase in car - related and infrastructure are now creeting problems .
A lots of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and environmental issues are more and greater related to the intensive use of cars and lorries .
People and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the environment without impacting their mobility .
These will be a tough challenge this new century .
Dear Mrs Smith :
My name is Juniper . I am helping to organise the conference at the college .
I received your letter the another day and I am writing to answer your questions .
The group had been booked into Palace Hotel which is not very far from the place where the conference is held .
You can take the No . 41 bus from the hotel to the conference . It only takes ten minutes .
For the end - of - conference party , it will be on the morning of its last day , starting at 9:00 .
All the students and staff join together in the hall .
We can play games and talk about personal experience .
The main goal of it is to deepen the friendship among all these pupils who come from all over the world .
Hence , it would be fine if you wore casual clothes and looked smarter .
I have made arrangements for the afternoon to last a day for you .
Even if you are free , I will show you around our college .
You can visit our newly - built science lab as well .
I 're sure you will acquire a lot of knowledge in there .
I 'm looking forward to meeting you .
Best wishes .
Best choice
Welcome London .
You asked me for an interesting building to visit .
I 'd recommend the British Museum , too .
One of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about English history there .
Now , the museum looks very old like some other buildings in London , but it is very modern inside .
Before going through the enormous main doorway , you could see a huge white round building which is a library .
A lot of famous people have come to this library before !
The British Hall is on the the first floor , not far from the library .
It shows a large number of valuable items .
Almost each one tells you a story or gives you the picture of British history .
I 'm sure all students will have a wonderful lesson !
Away from the national history , there is more content about the past of the world .
You can go to many sections such as Asia Hall , Egypt Hall , Europe Hall , and so on , etc .
Countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day with them .
After a visit to the British Museum , you will most certainly be able to put your history text away !
In addition , you do n't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient . Therefore , the British Museum is the best choice . Do n't be hesitant anymore !
To Mrs Smith .
I am writing to you to give you the information for the conference .
The hotel your group is booked into is called the Palace Hotel .
It is simple to find a way to get from this hotel to a conference centre .
You only need to cross / cross the street in front of your hotel .
There you will see a modern building with two different doors , a red and a blue one .
You 're asked to take the blue doors .
After entering , you will see the signed conference room .
We organized an end - of - conference party the day before your departure .
Everyone is welcome to participate in this party to get to know each other in a better atmosphere .
You have to wear nice and comfortable clothes .
It is an informal party .
I recommend you visiting the old part of Zurich or going to the zoo before your departure .
I am looks forward to meeting you at this conference .
If there is any question left , please contact me .
Yours faithfully ,
The Most Important Discovery
I love baking cakes , cookies and bread .
Baking is passion and , in the town I live in , I 'm known for making the best cakes of the area .
It is n't really a matter of what kind of mood I am , because I can only do it once and it makes I feel good .
but I could n't bake without an oven .
I 'm so grateful for this invention which lets me live my passions .
I think the oven is one of the very important inventions .
If there is someone who does n't agree with me , he or she will have to try to stay one month without using the oven .
Besides that he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys .
I 'm positive that , after this experience , everyone says that the oven is a really important invention in our lives .
I would like to thank the person who invented the oven .
Thank you !
My Dear Sir Smith ,
I am writing in response to your letter .
I am sorry about Richard Brown .
and I understand that you need help , so that I will help you as long as I can .
Firstly , the hotel which has been booked for you is Palace Hotel , located close to the conference .
In ordering you to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to get a bus we will offer .
Secondly , the end - of - conference party would take place in the same hall as the conference , at 6 p.m. , which included dinner and an announcement by the president of the conference .
A party is arranged as a casual party . Therefore , you can wear comfortable clothes . You might expect to meet many students from other schools as well .
Finally if you want to have an exciting experience in here , I strongly suggest that you should go to the musicals .
As you may hear , our city is well known for the musicals .
Or , If you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated within a ten minute distance on foot from the hotel .
Whatever your choice , you will be satisfied with your choice .
Whenever you have more questions about a conference and something else , do not hesitate to ask me . I will be glad to be able to help you .
yours faithfully ,
Sometimes inventions are not regarded as great things , even though life without them can not be imagined .
People do not have the impression on important inventions any more , because they are getting more popular and common .
However , there is something which still believes that was an extremely important invention .
This is electricity invented by Edison .
In my opinion , the reason that electricity is such an important invention is because most machines , appliances and equipment which are used in modern times can be operated with only electricity , which means people do n't do too much physical labour .
Furthermore , many inventions are accelerated because of electricity .
In my life , I spend money using electricity in many different ways .
At night , I can study because of it , and also it saves me time to put up housework , such as laundry , cleaning rooms and ironing .
It makes my life more convenient than that without them .
to sum up , though people do not feel that electricity is an invention any more , the fact that electricity is one the most significant inventions in the world will not be changed .
12th July 2001
Dar Mr Maria Smith ,
I would be very glad to be able to help you at the International Studying Conference .
I hope our friend , Richard Brown , does n't have any serious illness .
Referent where the conference is going .
This will be in the casino hotel , and we do n't have to worry about the best way because all the main routes in Devonport have signs in the right way for the popular hotel .
After the conference is finished , there is a party at the same hotel .
In this party , there are , some foods , soft drinks , music and a special place for dance .
This party is for students , and the kinds of clothes wo n't be so formal .
On a free day before we catch our plane .
We could purchase two options to spend our free time on .
One is a guide trip to center city , and another is visiting the chocolate factory .
If you have any more questions , please calling me at 385755980 .
Yours faithfully ,
I can live without this .
This is true .
Our lives , maybe , could n't be without electricity .
One can live without this , but I am sure that the world will be very different .
Whenever we are using different equipment in our houses , we are using the electricity .
Smell things but are very important in our life .
for example : the TV , the computer , just light and a long list that now I can not write .
I do n't like tinkering , my house of my life , without all these facilities .
When it is dark in winter , and after , I need to spend my free time at home .
What can I do , without my music and my computer .
So , just as you need to think that you would do something or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplene , shops , all those things without lights .
Finally , I think that everyone knows that electricity is very important invention and , for me , it is the best .
Dear Madam Smith ,
Thanks for your last letter and I am sorry for not providing you with enough information .
We had already booked a 4 star hotel - Palace Hotel , which is near the River Thames ; in Walton - on - the - Thames .
This station is not far from the station so we will go there by train .
Last week 's end - of - conference party was to be held in an indie restaurant , which is next up the hotel .
It is supposed to be held between 7 pm and 11 pm .
Also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and a disco is also provided .
We can wear anything you like , we would like you to be just like yourself and have fun .
As you know , our areas are quite famous and lots of poor people come and visit them every year .
There are so many things to do . Unfortunately , it is just 3 hours .
I recommend the high street in the centre of our area , because it is very good for shopping .
So you can buy gifts for your friends or family .
I hope I have given you enough information and that you still have some doubts . Please do not hesitate to contact us .
I look forward to listening to it from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Nowadays , our lives are becoming better and better .
Lots of large inventions were invented in order to enable people to live comfortably .
If you ask me who is the greatest invention of all , I will say that it is television .
" Televisions is just an amazing invention , " My good friend said . I agree with her .
Finally , television lets us know a lot more about the world , without travelling it all .
If there were no television , we would n't know what other countries are like , and even what language they speak , unless we go to that country .
Secondly , for some points , it can educate young children .
A lot of TV programmes are mainly made for children , such as " Learn follow me " and " Be good to others " .
Actually , they are quite good programmes and help me find out what I generally do and how to behave nicely when I was still a child .
The last but not least , it is a good type of entertainments .
Probably , you will think that playing basketball , going to cinemas and discos is much better than being at home sitting in front of an object .
However , televisions can give you the fun that other activities ca n't .
But sometimes , I do n't want togo out and I do n't want to be lonely , it 's easy to just turn on the television and enjoy myself .
But everything has its advantages and disadvantages .
Honestly , I do think televisions are the most important invention .
Dear Mrs. Mary Smith .
I received your letter today and I am very pleased that you have given me some information .
As I know , he booked the Palace Hotel downtown .
When you go to the conference , you can use a bus or a taxi .
But if you do n't have enough time , I would like to recommend walking .
Because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea .
And also it takes just fifteen minutes .
I think everybody can enjoy it .
As a result , the end - of - conference party is a kind of fairwell party .
There are going to be three parts .
During the first , the chairman and a few guests will have a speech and , in the second , the participants will evaluate themselves , and in the last part , it will provide dinner and drinks .
This will not be very formal .
So you can wear whatever you like .
Moreover , I would like to recommend a ' city tour ' for three hours .
Anybody enjoy themselves .
It was £ 12 for each and there was a reduction for groups .
weapons . I hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem you will contact you at any time .
And I have a nice time in my town and give my regards to Richard .
Yours faithfully ,
Nowadays there is a lot of invention around the world , and they make us able to use it more comfortable and convenient .
Moreover , we can not lived without them .
Examples include electricity , computers , telephones , boats , cars , wheelchairs , etc .
None of them are unimportant for us .
But I think the invention of electricity is the most important thing for them .
If you look around our home , there are a lot of electric things .
Electricity could invent other things .
It also gave us more free time , especially for women .
This has definitely reduced the number of women our housework has .
Although we can enjoy our nights with lights on .
If we want to do things , we can do them in the same way at night as in day .
Finally , thequality of our life has changed because of electricity .
It could reduce our working time and make us feel happy .
They are also advancing more and more .
That will help give us a better future !
Do you ever imagine that you will drive an electric car ? !
12 June , 2001
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
Thank you for your letter regarding the International Student Conference .
Here is an answer to your questions .
If you stay at the Palace Hotel . It is situated in front of the railway station in Camberley .
To get the Conference , you catch coach No.7 from the station and get out of Camberley College Bus stop .
It takes 5 minutes from the station .
You will find the stadium when you get there . Just turn to the left and you will find the place where the conference will be held .
This end - of - conference party will be held in the cafeteria of the college which is next to a stadium .
It will start at 6 p.m. and ends at 22 pm .
We will prepare traditional English meals and others students from foreign countries will prepare their ethnic food .
There has a museum next to Camberley Station , where you have a good collection of paint and pottery and it will be a good place for us to spend your free time .
In exchange , there are a lot of shops around there , where you can buy umpires .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Hi faithfully ,
To : Students of the United States
Starting : Juli
This report aims to describe the Haunted Castle of Camberley .
Places
This castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods .
Inside the castle , it is always dark , even in daytime .
The story
I 'm 500 years old and I think I am haunted by my lady ghost .
She appears occasionally and opens every window in the castle .
It is believed that she was a nanny who was working there and had fallen out of the window .
Some people said they were seeking something and still seeking even if she had died for 500 years .
Conclusion
The ghost story may not be true , but it has some good furniture of the 16th century and the castle itself is really beautiful .
If you think it is worth watching ,
I hope you 'll enjoy visiting there .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I received your letter this morning .
I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill and was unable to attempt a conference . I am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group .
I hope that the information from below is very convenient for you , during your attempt to attend the conference .
I have booked a hotel not far off from our school .
The hotel is called Epson Down Hotel .
My plane will arrive in England by 9:00am .
There will also be a coach waiting for you , and the driver will be next to the information desk .
We should arrive at the hotel by 11:00 .
You 'll then have to have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage .
The seminar will start on time at 12:30 , so I warn you to leave hotel by 12 : 00 .
The best way to go to the conference is to take the road along the college street and turn left toward the end . Then , you will keep going straight and you will eventually see the main entrance of the college .
When you get into college , you can only ask any boys in a college where to go from then .
They all understand where the conference is and when .
At the end of the conference , we will have a party .
We went to the party to let all the students know each other best .
The party , will be in the dance hall next to the conference room .
I will suggest to them that they wear formal clothing , such as tie , trousers and blaner .
For the afternoon free time in the last day .
There is a wide variety of choices that they can make .
They can play tennis , do athletics , swim ... and do many other sports event in our school , if they want to .
Or they could also visit Epsom Town .
These are shops that sell clothes , food , and books ... They can decide what they want to doing , it 's entirely up to them .
I am looking forward to seeing you and I hope you have a safe flight over to England .
Yours faithfully ,
Dear band leader ,
Welcome to Taiwan .
This report is based on a interesting building which you can use for visiting my students .
The building is situated in Taipei , the capital .
The building is called Chiang Kei - sheks Merial Hall .
Nearly everyone knows where this building is , so if you have the chance , just ask the local people in Taipei about it .
The Memorial Hall is surrounded by large playgrounds .
As you go into the main Hall you will see a huge statue of Chiang Kei - shek . Because the building represents how well Chiang did in history .
The statue is about 20th feet high .
Next to the statue is protected by guards , the guards will change every four hours .
there are also lots of other gallaries , apart from the main Hall .
In these galllaries there are historical paintings and antique furniture which Chiang used .
These treasures are very old , and even older than the history of America .
All these treasures were brought over to Taiwan by Chiang during their defeat in China .
They are all been well looked after .
As well as all the treasures , statue and historical paintings ...
Also , there are restaurants and modern galleries .
If you are tired , after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eating , or if you are fed up with a historical thing , you might as well right pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern .
Finally , if you come to visit this building , I will recommend you stay at a hotel not far from the memorial , called Hyatt HOtel .
It only take about five minutes if you walk .
I look forward to seeing you have a great time all around in Taiwan . And I hope you will be enjoying the building .
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I had received your letter , dated on 12th June 2001 .
I will be very pleased to help you , and I hope that the information that I am going to give you will be sufficient .
The international student conference will be at the Palace Hotel in Lausanne .
The Hotel is a big building in the middle of the town , near " St - Franáois " .
There , the name of the street is " Grand - Cháne " .
You should not miss it .
After the conference , we are going to stay at the Palace Hotel , but instead of staying in a conference room , we are going to move to the receptionist 's room where a dinner will be made for us .
Later , a live band is going to play the remaining night .
You have to wear some smart and classical clothes .
If you want to stay in lausanne during your afternoon vacation , the best thing to do is to go to Ouchy .
From there , you should enjoy the landscape and sunbath .
Yours faithfully ,
OLYmPIQUE MUSEUM
The aim of this report is to give further information on an interesting building for a visit in Lausanne .
It is based on my own experience .
WEY THE OLYMPIC MUSEUM .
The Olympique Musical Museum is situated around the lake and offers , for the tourists , an unbelievable view on the mountains and the lake .
But also , the museum haslot a lot of gardens with several statues .
Moreover , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern .
First of all , our main interest in museums is the history of the Olympics .
You can find a whole series of documentaries about it and you have several competitive personal objects .
you can play with several interactive games , and learn the rules of the Olympic game .
REASONS OF A RECOMMENDATION .
The principal reason is the cheapest price .
You only pay FRS to write an entry , and you should stay in the place all the time that you want .
On the other hand , if you are more than 10 years older , you can have a price group and pay only 6 Frs per person .
It seems that this solution might be the best way to visit this museum .
CONCRUSION .
To summarize , the Olympics museum is a very attractive place and could be a good way to travel with your family or with your student group .
Therefore , if you wants to learn anything about the Olympic Games , it is a good place for doing this .
Dear Maria ,
I 'm so happy to help you at this international student conference .
I 'm afraid of Richard .
Could you please tell him your best wishes for your health ?
I 'm sure you can perfectly replace them to lead your group .
But , you should know first that you are booked into the Palace Hotel , one of the best in the town .
Access to a conference place is very easy .
Firstly , you must walk down Central Street until you reach the bus stop , then you must take the bus number two that goes right to college .
After the conference , there is a great party that is organised by my friends .
It runs at twenty - o'clock until the end of the night , so be ready !
There are no special themes for wearing styles , but it should be more fun if you wear something crazy ...
Finally , I encourage you to go to a new college swimming pool on the last day afternoon .
Nobody will go there .
I hope you 'll have fun !
Yours sincerely
Hello ,
I am going to give you some information on the Yverdon castle that is here .
It 's one of the oldest buildings that remains on the landscape of the town .
I do n't think its important to see it when you come there because it shows us how the town has been developed around it since its creation .
Nowadays , the castle is being remade , so there are a lot of construction engines around it .
That ' nt a big problem , because there is a complete museum there where you can see old pictures of the castle during the centuries .
There was a lot of former items that were in the King s family .
You probably heard about the mummy , who slept there for about two thousand years ... You can see it in the dungeon .
So you can visit anywhere you want , with or without a guide .
Hopefully you will enjoy the visit and I wish you a nice day in Yverdon .
Best regard ,
Sir David Smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I will try my best to answer these questions .
First of all , we already booked a Five - Stars Hotel for our group .
It i is a modern hotel , near our college . Also , it is convenient for people to come from the airport , you can take either by buses or taxiway .
The December 101 bus starts from the airport . Then you can get off from the " city college " stop .
It would be a great chance for everyone to take part in the party .
It 's just a relaxing party , so members have a chance to relax and make friends .
So I think it would be better to wear a dress .
Finally , about three free hours , my personnel prefer to go shopping .
our city has got the biggest shopping centre in the South England . There are so few shops .
That 's worth it if we spend money on it .
I look foe you !
Yours faithfully
These days , people are used to watching television programs every day .
TV is so important that you can see it in all the family , and it is an essential equipment for everyone .
First of all , , in my opinion , TV has a great education function , and also makes the world become smaller .
We can just sit at home and you can find out what is happening all over the world at the moment .
So I would rather watch the news on TV instead of reading in newspapers or listening on radio , because the news on TV is vivid .
In addition , the TV is a great company for people who live alone or feel alone . I would like to turn on TV when I am at home .
Some are talking , laughing , crying on the ground , so join them . You will find yourself feeling much better than others .
Some TV channels are enjoyable !
However TV also has some disadvantages .
You could just sit in front of the TV for hours learning nothing , or no longer talk with your family .
I think the worst influence is in the society .
In comparison , the TV has both advantages and disadvantages . But , on the whole , there are more disadvantages than disadvantages .
So , but , on the whole , TV is still a wonderful and important invention in the world .
Dear Mr Smith ,
I work for you to give you more information about an international students conference .
The club has been booked into King Hotel at High Street which is very easy to find .
Also , The best way to get from there to the conference is through a rod in front of the hotel to the right , then crossing the zebra crossing from opposite side .
After that walk to the right about 15 metres and you will find the congested place which is called the White House .
After the conference , we will have an International Dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college .
Just as this is a special conference , you could wear your own national dress to represent your country .
Finally , on the previous day you could have some free time visiting our town hall , which you will be able to do more about in your area - - or shopping in High Street .
If you would like more information , please contact me and I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon .
Yours sincerely ,
My Dear Sir Bill ,
I am writing to give information on a very attractive building to visit .
It is said to be Penrhyh Castle , as the buildings will tell you all about Wales .
Also , on the positive side , you and the group will be able to learn more about Welsh works which are presented on the wall , on the door and some furniture .
The building itself looks splendid and beautiful .
On the other hand , you might find something very boring , which is like walking along an old wooden floor which causes some noise .
And some old toilets might look awful .
But in my request , I think it would be nice for students to come and see this building .
This is because they will be able to study and compare the place with their countries .
As Wales was not as modern like America , students probably got the idea of looking back to the old things .
Yours faithfully ,
Dear Mrs Maria Smith ,
I was really satisfied with your letter .
Unfortunately , Richard Brown is ill , but I can help her as much as I can .
So I 'm writing a reply to provide all the information you requested .
Firstly , we have booked Palace Hotel , where is located in the centre .
The best way to get from this hotel to the conference is using tube , because it takes only 20 minimute .
The tube has a twist which is red .
And your speech would be better for the end of the conference party .
I 'd suggest you wear at least semi - formal wear , such as a jacket with other clothes .
Lastly , I have given you some suggestions which you could spend about 3 hours in the nation museum in my area .
The museum can be helpful in understanding our country 's history and art .
I 'm looking forward to seeing him soon .
Yours sincerely ,
A computer is the most significant invention in our lives .
Some people might say the electricity is more important than another thing .
But it 's hard to say which is the most important invention .
However , I 'd say computer is more an amazing invention than other inventions such as the telephone , or the car .
Recently , computers have become very necessary , and we ca n't manage work without them .
This not only is for business , but also for my life .
For instance , when I want to contact my friends , it 's quite helpful to use e - mail .
Before computers were invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't contact other countries at the same time .
And also , it 's time to make this new system which makes it easy to use and more simple . So far , more people have enjoyed the computer than ever .
Despite amazing inventions , sometimes computers create big problems , such as the millennium bug ( some people called it the " 2000 problem " ) , because the computer is not flexible enough like the human brain .
However , computers are worthwhile to use in our lives until more convenient machines are invented .
My Dear Mrs. Smith ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am very pleased to provide you with the information you requested .
We are holding a conference party at the Royal Lancaster Hotel 's banqueting room at 2.00 pm on Sat .
24 June
But the nearest tube station is Lancaster Gate .
you know , we 've been working very hard all this term .
So we decided , at the end of the conference party , we would also have a buffet and a disco party .
Our students then will get to know each other well .
I would suggest anybody wear a casual dress .
Finally , i would recommend you and your group enjoy shopping and sightseeing in Oxford Street and nearby .
Hopefully , I can meet you and your group soon .
Yours Sincerely ,
To : group leader
From here :
Re : The Barbican Centre .
As you have requested , which is the interesting building to visit . I would strongly recommend the Barbican Centre building in the city .
It is located in the city and the nearest tube stop is Moorgate Station .
The Barbican Centre built in 1975 .
It is above all from the banks and important offices .
There is also a world stock market , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , books and record stores .
I also held an international exhibition all year round .
Recently , the exhibition of Africa just finished .
The opening timestarts from 7.30 AM . till late at night , when the theatre is closed .
The buildings are huge with high technology and construction and tight security .
One building upgrades every year .
Next door is a very important building in London .
Me and your group will visit a building which has so many locations in this building .
So that you can spend your time on one trip .
Dear Hello Maria Smith
Thank you for your letter which arrived me this morning .
It is a pity , of course , that Mr. Brown had been ill , but we are happy that he is coming now .
If you asked me which hotel the group had booked .
The Palace Hotel is about a mile away from where the conference will take position .
The best way of getting to there is to take bus number 7 .
The car stop is opposite the entrance to the hotel .
You will leave by bus for , , Royal garden " .
Turn left and go straight to , , Baker Street " . On the needed side of this street , there is house number 18 .
This is our college .
You want to know all about , the end - of - conference party .
As farce as I can see , there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us by their songs .
Moreover you asked what to wear . Do not bother .
I would recommend you to wear some casual clothes like a pair of jeans , a blouse , a skirt and a jacket .
You should not forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have a chance to change them .
Finally , I provide you with some advice about what you can do for about three hours .
Firstly , we now have a nice and interesting museum . It is located near the hotel .
Furthermore , the zoo has many different animals , and is located where you walk within five minutes .
Lastly , there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows .
For further information pleased , call me up . I hope you will conduct an interesting conference here .
I am looking forward seeing you
Yours sincerely
The telephone a very important invention
During my early childhood my mother said me that when she had been a little girl there had only been one telephone service in the house where she had lived .
It has been in her parents ' apartment .
My neighbours had come into to make their call and to get theirs .
Today , nobody could imagine such a situation .
In every household there has been at least one telephone .
There are a lot of advantages to it .
Firstly , people are able to talk to people in person at any time . Be that just for fun or also to discuss some important and relevant things .
In addition we can always call for help from the police , a hospital or a doctor .
This could save a life !
Another advantage is that not all offices , firms and industries could further exist without it .
Of course , there are also big disadvantages too .
Everyone knows this situation ; people do not want to be interrupted , so maybe they are reading a book , having a good conversation or having a little sleep ... then the telephone rings ... !
It is not an easy decision how to react in the future .
Being sincere , most of us go on the telephone .
Another point about disadvantages is that the mobile phones are ringing , anywhere and at every time .
Especially , youngsters misuse this type of invention .
To sum up , this invention is one of the most useful things .
It is usually the same how people use it , or whether they do , and how people handle it .
Dear Mrs Maria Smith
Thank you for your written reply , which arrived yesterday .
I hope to give them all the information they need and , if you want more information or something is not clear , please do n't desperate to contact me again .
The Hotel is near the station and is called " Grand Placade " .
When you arrive you take the train for Guildford and , after that , you have just crossed the road , in front of the station .
It 's very comfortable hotel where you can find anything you need .
Get there and on the conference route you have to take number 50 bus . That stop near the hotel and arrive at the town center .
The conference is organised in a civic hall , so it would be very simply to find out .
At the end of conference , there is a party where you have a perfect opportunity to meet new students from all parts of the world and they could speak about their experience .
I suggest at that conference that the organisation want everyone to wear something very comfortable but elegant ; the organisation wants all boys to wear a jacket . A tie is not necessary .
I do n't know exactly what I can find . Three hours , I think it is not enough , but near the station there is a beautiful garden popular for its wide variety of flowers .
If I found something special to visit in three hours I call you .
Your faith sincerely
Dear Sr or Madam
It is very nice of you to come and visit mytown .
In that area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting building to visit .
The best building you must see it is the cathedral
It is the most important church in this area for its architecture .
That is something very special . Its payment is made from many small pieces of wood . Its windows are in many colours . It is fantastic .
It is built on the top of a mountain and around there is only a huge field .
You can arrive here by walking because the bus stops on the bottom of the hill .
But , really , , you must see it , and the position of the cathedral gives you something unique ; a great mostfulness .
I hope you like it .
I look forward to listening from you
Best regards
Dear Maria ,
So I hope that all the information you need would be answered satisfactorily .
first of all , you have been booked in the palace hotel .
Furthermore , the best way to go from the hotel into the conference center is to use one of the shutnel buses we provide at that time .
They will leave at 9 o'clock .
Concerning the end of conference parties .
It is going to take place in the same hotel as the palace hotel . We are suggesting casual wear for this special event .
Finally , concerning your freezing afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but I suggest you to visit the Caldea Center , which is a very special bathing center .
If you need further information , do not hesitate to contact you .
Yours sincerely
Dear John ,
In your latest letter you asked about interesting building to visit in my country with .
There were plenty of churches , cathedrals , and old colleges .
The church and the cathedral have great interests because of their different romantic styles .
I suggest that you visit the cathedral of the " Le Seu d'Madgell " because it is the most emblematic buildings in the area .
if you are interested in more modern buildings , I can suggest you visit " Caldea " which is a very modern bath centre with beautiful architecture .
Finaly if none of my suggestions fit with your expectations , tell me what kind of building you 're interested in and I 'll do my best to find something more suitable .
Best regards
June 12 , 2001
Dear Mrs Smith ,
In response to your letter , I would like to try to give you some advice .
As a result of the hotel incident , the group has booked into the Palace Hotl .
When the conference takes place not far from the hotel , you 'll see indications of the future .
For the conference , I suggest to you to wear beautiful dress , because there are important people in other colleges .
When the conference end , all students and leaders will have a drink .
To stop , if you have spare time , you could walk in the center of Poitiers , which are very beautiful .
I hope you will give me enough details .
I look forward to meeting you at this conference .
yours faithfully ,
The building is called in French " Le Centre Pompidou " and it is a very surprising monument .
It 's a modern building with an architectural structure that you ca n't see in other places .
What is impressive about this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building .
During the Pompidou Center , there are different expositions about different themes .
In general , they are paintings , videos and sculptures .
This exposition is usually very attractive and changes every year .
Another good reason is that if you go there , you have an extraordinary view of the city .
So , if you have visited Paris , the Pompidou 's center is a very interesting building to visit . Even if you are in Paris there are lots of other buildings .
dear Mrs Smith .
I am writing in response to your letter to give you some further information about the international student conference in our college .
implied that your group has been booked into the palace Hotel .
It is situated in the center of your town and it takes five minutes to get to the college , where the conference will be being held .
And I think that the best choice is to take the 234 bus .
The bus stop you have to get off from is called " The Green Man . "
With reference to the ending - of - conference party which is going to take place Tuesday from 8:00 until midnight , I would like to mention the necessities .
It is an evening dress for woman , black trousers , a white shirt , and a black bow tie for men .
Indeed , I would like to give you some suggestions about a way in which you can spend your free time in our town .
I am convinced , really , that you should visit the local Science Museum .
Also , there is a very good shopping center , next to the museum .
I look forward to seeing you at the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town .
Yours faithfully
As it Is widely known , lots of different and important things were invested during the 20th century , nevertheless I believe the most important one is the computer .
It is a fact that modern society has created the demand for the ability to cope with vast amounts of information .
Taking them into consideration , I would like to say that the computer is the priceless inventions for accountants , designers , engineers and so on and so on .
Another point in your favor is the possibility to connect to the Internet .
The website allows you to get all the necessary information " on your fingertips " .
Also not least important is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world .
On the other hand , there are some disadvantages .
For instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real - life life with the virtual world which computers create .
Another drawback is that , for industry , computers replace people 's work , which leads to an increase in unemployment .
To conclude , I would like to state that the governments of all developed countries would n't have been so concerned about so - called ' problem 2000 ' if the computer had not been so important for modern society .
Neuchötel , 12 June 2001
Dear Mrs Smith ,
I thank you for your latest letter .
First , I would like to congratulate you on your new responsibilities , because of Mr Brown 's illness .
I give you with great pleasure all the details needed .
Your group is staying in the Palace Hotel , which is located directly in front of the bus station .
Going to the conference from your hotel is very easy .
You had to take the number 1 bus and got off at Black House , which was the third stop .
Afterwards the conference , at about 8pm . a party was organised .
During it , everybody will have the opportunity to meet up and talk to the speakers of the conference .
Foods and beverages will be available .
After cooking a cocktail , the band Zero One played their famous songs .
The clothes , required at the party , are suits for men and cocktail dresses for woman .
Before your departure , your trip will be good time to visit the Olympic Museum or to take a sightseeing tour through our city .
I Hope you will enjoy your journey in your city and look forward to meeting him at this conference .
yours faithfully ,
Report on the " Paint Museum "
In order to write / read this report , I spent hours at this wonderful museum .
There , I saw the exhibition and admired the building itself .
I walked around the garden too .
Location
The museum was located in Ouchy , in front of the " Delemuraz Hotel " .
It is near to the main road and within 300 meters of the station .
Outside
The building was made of white stones .
It had two floors .
Earlier , you had to pas through a huge garden .
There , ponds , pool , trees , flowers and ducks can be admired .
I recommended you take your swim suit on , because in the summer , you are allowed to swim in pool .
Outside
If you are inside the museum you will be impressed by the paintings on the streets .
They were all painted during the war by nurses .
If you take a few steps , you will discover a ceiling .
Everything in this room is about wine .
To learn the whole history of a building , there is a room dedicated to it on the first floor .
Particularly , I recommend you visit the " blue " room .
Nothing in this room is blue . The carpet , the ceiling , and even the door .
According to the owner , it was a room where people used to go to in the past when they were depressed .
My conclusion :
To sum up , I want to add that this house is the most popular in our city .
You would come and visit it for the pictures or for the building itself .
You ca n't be disappointed .
The only negative point is that you must pay 10 francs to visit the house and the garden .
