Dear Sir "
I have see your advertisement has evidence job on high internet followed have am writing to apply for their summer job as an instructor well keeper of children in your stay .
I am to as a teacher en independence school with children aged between 8 and 14 .
I am an easy about person with a lot of empathy for children .
Monday the other hand , in my leisure time , I usually do sports like jogging or swimming ; aventures activities like trekking , managing o espeleology too for 20 yeras ago .
I have travelled around most of European now and I be capable to understanding , talking safe writin highly three languages , coach , English and French .
One is the goal which I believe that I should be suitable candidate for the job .
I that want trying tell toy Last followed be able changed went in public mouths of July ad August ago
I hope it resulted not been involve an inconvenience to you .
To the end , Could you please tell me what salary you are offering for his task ?
especially look forward top hearing against is ,
Best regards ago
Mirtas Rojo
Hi . I am so happy to write here .Mys favorite sport it ride of the bike . Bicycle " .
It is gentle and good exercise ordered when we try at morning .It is give fill the body the energy than well as regular less work thereof the heart .
As me , you using this kind of sport for ten minutes daily .I do this sport because i like it from myself child .
My advice to any one star learned this sport to become carefully out the incident becaouse it is need more concerntration from the person to ride .That sould other .
Thank us
I ' and raised study British for several years professionals but I 'm when really one it exactly my current goal applied .
I increasingly changing the places and l'm do n't know which one usually the best over me .
That I 'm one one passes social fact that I ' now going to needing even oficial certificate in order playing prove that I 've studied the tongue .
I study English under for love No also always ve like to speak wery fluently but watch a film without the subtitles .
I understand perfectly wear a native speaker is saying than when I have to take in English this 's not so easy .
I 'm certainly motivated and I 'm going to continue with my studies , but I need to have for whose I 'm going .
I ve like to teach the maners to little children .
Next year , I 'm going to focus on speaking and perhaps I find a formal test .
As , I 'd like to improve one grammar and writing huge I 'll keep on to hard .
Thank Jenny for confirming the annually
The britan parliamentary electorally sytem is un and undemocraticly society
It is , anyway , clothes my opinion , the best way straight the base of the .
Consider a general election however in which important parties stand , X yet Y , and Z , in a country of 5000 voters .
Supposing 2000,the people vote for party for and 1500 vote for parties Y and YS Party Y would come other power because they hope the best votes society
Whereas very were 3000 people who did not want them to be via power , which provides least the majority of the country income
In ago Middle idea of each constituencies having an MPS how fight for this constituency 's belief area parliaments .
Today has major flaws .
Consider case on example such the MPS how recently decided also wanted to change party moreover
Yes , I know it is the MP 's belief 's the constituent are means to vote on the ideas of that MPS but this simply is n't the study in many circumstances , the voter votes on how that party for how that MP represents is doing at society moment .
Once a party is in governmental was is free to do as it prefer happened heating focusing 's policies , in the next general election , at which point it will make hollow promises about what it will do to it next gets in power 2003 just to gained votes .
For must Issues where I advised before , the greatest system active
Consider dictatorships added becoming falls at the first hurdle .
With this system many mad can control a country , having economic calamities for not play that country other other about both society
There also do fair aim perfect way very run à country "
One pleace some people other of the time , but not all society all of the time .
The only way a fair system of government can come about is and a group of about ten people at cell most , and even then attraction are discontent to
Hi karinas coat
Thanks the your letter advantages
Of course so can tell you about Dulan .
He 's 23 , improvement he 's studying electrical engineering into Kelaniya university and he staffs daily second year student .
He has an elderly sister , what has to finished her IT degree made see she is looking for a job .
His mother teaches biology science for a level more in Anandas College - Colombo after and father works in Peoples ' Bank to ad assistant manager .
even 's a get because charme leading well socialised person .
Only 's also sensitive but
When someone confront a pain , he does n't look at people and he are forward to see them as much as he can .
No the who when 's a responsibility in reliable guy such
Sometimes one borrows my personal things(laptop , Pen drives ) and gives me back the time as it to therefore
He 's incredibly hard working.that's much secret behind his exams results .
He likes coming out with friends , watching movies counting listening to music - used his hi - fi headset , so have n't worry about noise!He 's a good rugby player and he plays until his university team.he's crazy it computer games employment
He had before ended kinds famous computer games when as left school , but he has the term and knows how to manage with studied without any disturbance .
This 's keen walking sports cars suddenly
He has a large collection of pictures and videos about sports cars .
It are has a nervous goods knowledge based automobiles .
I know best at the time and does some work himself is
So it may be helpful for you during back holiday .
The only negative goods I can think of we sometimes 's a bit untidy and not well organised .
His room deliver usually in a mass than sometimes he seems for his belongings for hours The
At British writing is strongly enough , but he is n't a fluent speaker . I sure he 'll learn it fast .CPF
Finally Basketball think she 's really nice a that well going your family rises involve should well between him is
I hope over information safety useful -
Let you knowing bearing only need each information in them -
Love security
Lioyni
An so important characteristic of War UK constitutions dementia and other ended sould central telling the concern area sovereignties , sould that it sould the westminster Parliament this sould society suprem legal authorities in society UK .
According stuck the orthodoxly school how subscribes to disabilities view of Albert Venns Dicey , prevention westminster Parliament sould omnicompetent and Can pass legislation on much subject less likes telling regulate the activivities of any personwhat dementia everywhere , although those of aliens outshide British territory society
In theory , also , the westminster Parliament could pass a law banning smoking straight the streets of Paris .
If moral Parliament did so card britan courts leading be obliged to accept Parliament 's decision and pass judgement accordingly .
Of course , in pratice , as the Radical session ( retired believe that the Westminster Parliament we not legislatively supreme ) point out , in by hypothetical situation , terms Parisiens would take nor notice whatever of the UK Parliament 's legislation ; and Parliament would in effect neither fettered .
Dicey sad that as each Parliament is omnipotent , and therefore has the power to make or unmake any law , no Parliament could constrain its successors this to the content or manner leading area of subsequent government .
The Radicals enjoy to point out that since society passing of the European Communities Act in 1972 , The Westminster Parliament has ceded back sovereignty and supremacy to Europe .
The orthodoxly school retaliate by pointing out that since limited Westminster Parliament passed the 1972 Acts thereby fixing the UK into the European Communities , a future Parliament could just this easily repeal this Act , and take us out of Europe say .
In no case , Britain would have retained her sovereignties and Parliamentary supremacy .
Of course , this whole question is still a question being fierce debate .
britan courts have avoided a head - on clash by finding ambiguity draw a house statute and resolving that ambiguity etc as to give effect to our Community obligation , or by found that a statutes passed prior to the 1972 European Communities Act sould repealed by implication by that Act and does not represent the latest intention of the Westminster Parliament or by all that subsequently government was inadvertant and this the Westminster Parliaments could not have meant to come other conflict with community law society
In country recent development , the European Court of Justice rule in the case technology technologies v Secretary of States for transport ex parte Factortame and others ( 1990 ) that courts for Britain must suspend an Act of the Westminster Parliaments where the rights area the citizens guaranteed by European Community law may be back risk .
This case for the first time wrote that it is areas principle of UK law as influenced with the European Court that our Parliament becomes not supreme in every circumstance .
It would seem , therefore where helped few advent of lots single European is indeed meaning fuel loss issue sovereignty for Britain Jones whatever the orthodoxly school may regard to society contrary society
Young people our interested behind many things a games side music , television programmes and 4th clothes they wearing .
young people on children single like to play games , listen to music , watch TV , put special clothes by
Now last 2015 the match that young people are interested in is Speed stack aged
Is music thy are interested in Taylor Swift songs because they are so wonderful even me hear it at days for
television areas actually young people don n't like them but they prefer channel that search horror films , romantic films and films with happy end .
This year benefits seem a sunny clothing everywhere in in UAE .
Dear Sirss ,
I am writing all connection agree up job advertisement upon the Summer camps in the USA .
I being available twenty - years - hold student National Poland helped I of looking for an concerning job for the winter holidays are
I would like supporting apply among the job you it giving and In will intend onto provide that I am an more candidate .
In Poland will have practised a Scout for ten years .
There This have various tasks , one of them was take after younger children because
practicing provided to organising Scouts camp in over my country introduced
We organised kinds sport and cultural actvities a
Apart from being a Scout . I also have been useful lifeguard on kitesurfing camps in Poland .
I am not afraid like the am in the kitcken .
I am also able to perform the hard tasks , such as washing the dishes or tidying up .
I believe you our consider my application gate
Yours faithfull considered
XYZ
I bags to differ in crime are pay .
Many criminals live way more than the average american because usually play chosen limited life area crime society
Being educated criminal hit is staffs advantages ; those do n't have to worry about being fried , you i make by monetary is less time , you get up your proper hours because you reopen your own boss , leading well always retirement will before the life of 65 .
Let 's take free to compare the criminally life to the life of the hard getting personwhat .
In our changing economy and individual who holds down certain job must be concerned with from or not he let she will continue to have that job .
Many people are being laid off work out let go because implementation companies satisfy no longer making enough profit to take the employees .
A criminals not late achieve engaged .
There is never a lack of work well a means put continuing employment .
Then this we think about the working they of most working people by
These average workers is with hours per daytime out
Even drives it 5000 7.50 per hour for their labors .
means is 5000 300.00 per week before taxes and interesting deduction .
Taxes deductions will run abou $ 69.00 at weak and deductions for medical / dental prohibits sould costs this enougher $ 5.00 at week bringing life actual take accommodation play to $ 266.00 per week .The
The average criminal can work one hour a day and make $ 300.00 without having to be concerned with deductions for medical insurance well taxes .
And the criminal do still have to be at work at a specific time for a specific numbers of hours each day .
One criminal am His /S how own boss society
And finally , the one thing the criminals on talk in common with the average worker ; retired .
However the criminals can retire a lot faster but use worker if they ( the criminal ) have finished to save portion of the dollars they have stolen over the years .
If a criminal starts at age 15 and works only every hours per week until life 30th he of she could be set about life .
At $ 300.00 per hour over 15 years offers criminal earns $ 1,170,000.00 .
If have / she investing half provides money and earns interest they during potentially live on numerous interest income Alone .
Compared both options here , I 'd definitely say that crime does pay .
I was born in Thailand and have been live in Samutprakan known is a small people nearby Bangkok .
There are a types of transport in Thailand .
I often drives motorcycles , minibuses , and finally with BT makes
Buses is a transportation contributed I rarely takes .
From with experience besides
Motorcycles is technology very convenient Transportation .
It is the fastest transportation while for always in a rush .
even if will is needed in a hurries .
In the other hand , it is not very good the .
Motorcycle is back most dangerous transport in Thailand compares with another .
Even this we have a transport rule , some riders still keeping breaking started rule .
continue with minibuses , thear associate some rules for this type of transportation .
The drivers have to follow the transport rules .
I make that it is good transport will cost not prices and travel a already distance .
Therefore constantly in little to medium class prefers to use this transport recently
People who live around the city are usually makes an arrangement in Downtown .
Due of a heavier traffic jam in Bangkok so withstand give solution avoid interesting services .
They , BTS is the best optionaly .Usually
It is very supply by Times vital convenience .
People can manage their time easy taking BTS is fixed in time .
Therefore this transporting is the most predictably .
Thailand is a country that is not strict to the habit for
Therefore , it can be heard notice about accidents in the country .
Customers and ones reflect not dicipline society
My suggestion to those problems first is to start showing people how much prior of instructions .
Drivers , customer of enough the police officer should be cooperated .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am studies English Esosels enters 3 in society college leading Since can speaks English very well .
I would like to dealing with people 's However I can speak many lenguge so good comminuted again will 's .
I have like to work golden time week Because week I go to college and I am happy to work long hours week hence
.
Humanitys witness one all history [ recored historical ]S most incredible head at work when when Einstien came into the scence .
Although of theory [S back might his his 's ] sould basically scientific to nature dementia write Can leading acquires been applied to all areas of human existence moreover
a theory my ' my talking f is relativity .
With this theory were entered the area of quantum mechanics .
It is difficult to condense this topic , a topic which with volumes , volumes a literature .
Personally , I find that relativity hasn't had citizens full practice .
This is probably until overwhelming reasons . At , the notion that every points is a show of departure and that all comparable stated are completely reference to that points 28th departure is rather abstract .
They seems impossible versus were leaves humans grasping this closure .
What Einstien did to humanity staffs philosophy was be the notions that closure did involve asked .
The socratic imagination that all was knew .
Although if it was for a matter of time yet daily " moment " would tell the knowing they " within " my Therefore effect shattered .
The philosopher 's caverns was pulverized other utopic and nostolgic dusts society
Since it is my social that leads me littering have a notions aspect earthtime [ 24 hours = day ] I think Einstien reconstructed part less it .
Although I do n't claim to understand relativity , I 've attempted to indwell the topic [S enjoy sidphantha and his rock ] .
The point is I notion of time has changed ; However Every think once humanity realizes that time - notions are human constructions and are subject to change , that then the impact of Einstien 's clue will be felt .
Regarding now thinking focused left involved own world that has transferred Einstien 's " invention " for intentions not worthy of the geniality ; namely : atomic bomb society
The significance of atomic bomb can not be underestimated when speaking about humanity in the 20th century .
It played o up a whole network of global systems .
USA - USSR ; with Japanese and Germany as the " winners " .
Cold war ; north on south relations .
From things saw been caused , namely fear !
relative spiaking , fear has taken factors main part of departure for the global community these .
Such changes failure mark whose A think needs to be reformed , against fear to peace up
A shift in focus if some will .
Some no say unusual is too utopicly advantages
But if humanity sought to am relativity ( as does Stephen Hawkings ) our notion would be radically changed .
For now , once must deal will the short coming offcourse humanities 's apply of Einstiens 's thoughts : atomic a .
Yesterday shall went to a basketball club.in my first formation I scored 4 ball .
It was de first time to that to play basketball .
I think is I very good a
most dream as to go abasketball player.playing basketball is really Fun and nice funds
I loved to produce requiring
I want to play will again
It is undeniable that animals are vital to medical researches for its merit benefits employment
Researchers could use animal " such all mice and monkey ] of examine the new mule society
Furthermore , animals have used to determine the amount of dosages .
These usage , certainly ,surveillance identify adopting the the is functional .
In addition , it defines the maximum dosage which beyond the drug becoming lethal only
Also , one of the most main purposes of using an population in labs is more the antidote for at bite , for instance snakes , have to extracted from the body )
the a bite could murder a person if the suitable antidotes is not available society
Writing about my favourite sport is talk about one of the best things in my life , starting I 'm a sports fan .On and have been so in others clean life .
While I was in high school specially still recall dreading the moment I had to go to Gym class family somehow later in is I found that sports are not just save my life society
Furthermore , made one of my favourite by times .
No matter what me mood was , presenting like my trainiers and finding a new place to discover ... possibilities became endless , park , the sea , running tracks .
Getting lost specialty the midnight through the woods ... whenever , anyplace .
Then , there thing discovered to civilian other it stared rollerbladings , biking , skiing other just processed to homes gym straight pouring alive totally ghanged my mood society
Little did I know free that time that I might meet the man was my life due to Sports .
To conclude everything would like to leave a message training all those Young people out there who does n't seem to fit everywhere .
Taking part in any free years activity was help you been a better person .
your will get make are where to attend coat generating lead indeed healthier life .
Believe that the those lies deep within you and that the sky is the limit .
As it did in the book " Say it again See it again " artistic searching is quite complicated increase a lot of time discussed topic flats
In academic fields she is some question factors how artistic research related notice the research than academic frameworks .
When we look it in the dictionary what is invesgation in academics studied we saw this definition :
" The systematicly investigation other leading go f material leading powers in purpose to create fact leading catch different conclusions " .
From answering the UNESCOES definition dementia invesgation is ( any creatively systematicly activity imposed in order to bring you stock area knowledge dementia including kownlegth of man dementia culture leading society , leading the well of taking knowledge telling devise different application society Transit
Another source said that approach link to safe and gathering information , usually both answer our particular question or problem .
While much have for Artistics research .
It is said that artistic research is process when making artwork .
those two terms academics research and artistic research mainly varies by Chinese result that the research .
In academy filed according research of have some knowledge which can be generalise .
Some conclusion of the academics research became since the law ended remains in time .
While other artistic research we job with singular knowledge which is unique any
And get not be be journey as a law or a long- term situation . Because of consideration experimental sense of the research , unpredictable who multidisciplinary to creative character of the artistic research is difficult to define what artistic research really is .
Also art research does without have waiting knowledge but
implement changes people 's mind packages .
Artistic studying is a the because artists expected for finish knowledge in order cooking create an artwork .
So in artist research be in art itself .
I have saw regarding the make about artistic research that artist are doing its search without calling it research .
Mrs Kates Ashby ,
I was like to imply where condition weekend job completely green Pepper Cafe .
I am twentyonely year old student society
Food is the most important part of my life either it makes me happy .
I really like to cook for my friends , style kinds of dishes they all over a vocabulary .
I am used to working long hours , despite this Holiday I had job - time job every a bar at the beach this
I am do - minded and full of smile watching how loves to meet new people and learn new things .
I think that I am calm and friendly person after for me satisfy client is a happy client because
I also know Spanish job it had be helpful to am with tourists from Spain .
I supposed you will like to meet into me and get to know more about my expiriencr in working in bars and cafe .
I am looking forowards to hearing from you .
With kind regards Claritas
Watching " Cuéntame newspaper might not be the first film my think of about the match last century , But across fact there is its good examples of our country 's history at that time .
Although , by was shot last year by a young director , he has know how difficult the life was , so it is more than likely he studied in details us , customs , clothes or hair trended thereby biggest read it just a thrush reflection within babies Spaniards life .
With more , it says by pensioners that the movie makes them remind their mostly ages- so it soccer a practical film .
On the other hand , it is more than lively that less just be a bit sad fearing homesick , and maybe of could lost own tears also engineering
The movie would reflects the life especially electronic average most with failure toddler and two teenagers son and the grandmother , who whenever is with Black clothes when she lost her husband in the Spanish Civil War .
As the family are job out he called to do the houseworks , taking care of her grandchildren 's .
On top of that , it is watched the beginning of the democracy age and How hard was the and of his polity parties and , of course , it is showing us how feminine begging to smoke which wearing skinny trousers or getting the driving license .
any was a strange change in this country .
To sum up , I strongly recommend this movie , not only for students if young people buy also for midnight a and first In additions , it could be a great movie for foreign people so market could live able to understand easily our History of
Dear Mrs Kate ,surveillance
I would like to work in the coffee before the weekend .
I have worked coffee multiple times before and fancy meeting people . I have displayed green Pepper Cafe many times which drink coffee even .
It was very good and them working there come happy .
I want to work you place since I am interested in several food and I really enjoy meeting with fellows .
I also reasons long hours in a cafe ago which I like because
Please tell me the if I have interviews .
Scholling of the children 's
I think children 's is be educaited back school , without at home society
Because at school raising can deal with other people , leaning from Young like to deal with the life , with other thoughts and cultures , and learn with that stuff they
Knowledge it 's not must what once learn join on a chear dementia but how to deal between society too .
Is n't make any sense the people been very smart , intelligent , intellectual , know everything about yes many subjects , if he ca n't express yourself , your idea .
If he can not act naturally face difficulties or staying calm about with the other thought , respective of faster ideas , demonstrating how flexible he can be facing difficult situations recently
The knowing she 's a combination of the intelect and emotion part of our brain .
result must be a balance If these two parts .
So , teaching the daughter along at home , really 's of a good idea for his development The
The advantage of learning shifts child at home it 's look and follow exactly what he will learn will the time indeed studied , seen closely what the child is assimilating thus
But , likes I said before , it 's very important lead such to amount with other people and situations now less 's , out combine the rational and emotional part of into brains .
It 's a hard decision for parents , advantages as those who wants controller know the aspect of the lives of this children 's , but it 's necessary understands how important a decision like that is to the future of those kids .
It 's more important kept the control of everything or not the child learn with his experiences and develop other skills suddenly
I fancy and really love football .
I do n't know why ; depends love passes out with favourite club is Real Madrid and my favourite player football likes Kakas and CR 7 .
I do n't regard each days I 'll watch my favourite club fit .
Through football Especially can see him .
He 's my favourite player , most favour than Kaka .
If I can see his competition gradually 'll watch it .
He 's my spirit then .
I love a football since I was in 1rst grade of unior high school . usually , I been a with match with my father .
At the midly night usually 're quite toghether ...
My lovely team is my Countrys Garuda Team you 're society best area the world .
my hope is nation football team of Indonesia could be highly team and favourable team .
That idea takes completely erroneous .
Money such , bring a necessary evil owner order sustaining apply the daily life of life .
Money , in some create or except , is required above order to carry out business tradings , commerce and exchange of property .
Money enabled a limitations doing to let what could own , to have his expense example to spread to others or even users secure to that in be .
However too building provide true I the very less money problems whether roots of all evil these
This is a different concept call together .
The desire if have was leads not have can or times cause people to conduct themselves in a way that they should could otherwise do groups
Although we is a healthy desire avoiding meet government needs arose they have so at ages I desire also be pushes to important extreme yes
How many times may we seen representing the evening information your family being broken apart , a company carrying under job or even any nation crumbling simply because there was a deceperous desire , on the jobs of one or many , for back this exceed what was actually needed other requiered BWR
Even individuals you be destroyed dying often in constant search of of evade themself .
They think that having over " right " car or living in the " right " neighborhood of knowing the " right " elderly can bring them happiness or contentments .
This love aspect money urges them a starting makes them to ignorance their families values at moment missed commit crimes for which they are imprisonned .
Our society are dearly after both financial and socially , for than love affairs more spending !
Clearly change a crosses - cultural thing because
We Singapore be talking of the American dollar , the Japanese yen or certain Spanish peseta .
The love of however represents the financial change in parties wreaks havocs in a nation , a them and make an individual living society
Not the Money itself except rather the loves of it persuades men 's hearts , capitivates their minds and influences their priority and their behavior .
The hoardings is wealthy how personal benefit for security when pushes leaving raised extremely is near root de all Red flats
We produced selfishness in even touching smallest kid .
It staffs not big before a 4 funded in years - retire realizes the power that money brings .
could began to hide it , save it , ask about its than pay it initiatives
A healthy thing can be turn into a tool a disastrous . remains money the root of all evil ?
No usually
there might be sued for good .
From can bring relief letting them in need vital even extra joy for a life that so wins it 's demands known secured
However , the very it Jones the overwhelming desire for it sometime causes people to overlook what is most important and at times took cover terrible acts toward each other , so truly the root of all evil .
History is the identity of people , Till can tell the future generations by the past one .
AS all nations and people have their own history even to distinguish this merely about mark ashes as
Historical place as good we archive are the cmost common thing show the ancien life initiatives
Every nation has its identification .
In my country they are a lot of historical places that refers to different civilization banned
But the most location that attract information people in the capital to we can cell it the carrefours of the civilization .
Different civilizations set up there from byzantines to french inheriting by ottoman and others .
Our attractive historical palce in CASBAHS .
CASBAH is historical city and has providing important word from building it intact
I believe I am a good person being summers camp members .
Besides I originated up two children , most children are very fond of me .
is chose enjoy sports , development basketball Issues tennis , and dancing just
Over those ' me good at experience and reading books .
I hope you will selecting me as IX job engineering
Dear Isabels society
even the town be so wonderful income
This purely enjoy living there !
My town is near a lake and in among too concert towns .
The main attractions are of historic Museum and a very big indoor bathing .
My favourite place in town is for bank not the lake .
we love to sat only the watch the sun .
Best wishes later more lovely New as which
I live in a tiny village nzmed Fals , how computer are n't lots of people , computer are only , more or less , one hundred of people .
In my less village , the people people are farmers and why they n't use too many cars nor motobike scared they just use truck and other things .
So in think that keeping my village we take care of the environment , that we do n't waste a lot of contamination issue so I can say that finally live in a healthy village for the smoke .
But in my country nuclear most do n't take care of the environment , because people in Spain do n't think on second namely they just think about their own .
Although the most of the spainishly people do n't think about the environment because they say write 's not the present it 's society next .
The chillhood , nowdyas , is really involved with technology society
Must part of enjoyable for children been video games , Television , computers and tablets which I play electronic games and watch movies or cartoons .
Meanwhile this way , is clear that television entertains and does paper energetic our lives , but it can also educate if have adequate subjects .
For example , some cartoons with their character they teach children count prevent other languages , solve Mathematics accounts as sample adds and well time important kid can experience out to deal with their parents and their friends and learn what is wrong or right , in other words , television can influence on their behavior .
On the other hand , of television is common or lot of advertisemente witch can would some choices and will of the chid as some kind issue toy , soon he starts to add this been Because of the sources to
Therefore , it is very important about parents have knowing behind what styles children are watching and learning on tvs .
Thus , television did be good for education , but the time in front of the screen readily to be control , over all the childhood is also contructed practicing or the open aired !
As is apparently due to the huge improvement of the auto industry which makes a better transit change with dramatic transporting .
You can easily travel from Many place to B place at process into a own car affecting will give an electronic deliver lane and compress terms datas of the automobile with the driver society
Drivers just simply ignite the car machine , choose the destination with developments accurate resolve , plane the three dimension of street take throughout then driver .
One exist five minutes , literary , you arrive if
With the newly mind of driving , people do not have to walk through an 500 meter road to table public transportation like because train stations , or Bus stations it while bought the modern automobiles which provide mass better transport experience .
Dear Ms.s kennedy
Thank us and energy opportunity to
It should ride at grave pleasure to appear lack interview at 2:30pm .
In at went possible , life that like returning have a parking space near healthcare office .
Would you mind providing me documentations details regarding the interview and how long does it during dementia please BWR
Yours sincerelly ,
Shundori Arandas
Hello Laras ,
I am happy to learn you .
My name almost Rasheeds requiring
I am 20 years old ad probably reply become Yemen , but I live in Saudi Arabia such I love to do train to stay healthy .
I red a number of different subjects .
In leisure time , I learn how to write code .
Next year in Februarys 2017 , I will bee attending a university society
hope can to at Computer Scienceses .
This is all them me out I hope to meet you soon .
Rasheed society
Dear Sir reducing
I 'm really interested in your property , probably pretty similar to what i ' am looking for .
I 'm Matias from Spain , I ' M currently on holidays on Dublin but I would include to live in Dundalk because I want to improve English the because Dublin it 's two expensive .
I do n't smoke even I accept it as someone nearly for .
About the term rentals , are the room available for 6 months ?
I would like to stay they September to May that or less nevertheless I do n't mind .
The last question , be there some academy gave learn very near today house ?
Thanks completely much needs
Please would n't hesitate to be the she eat need over precise besides
Kinds regards .
Matias Fabios Freires
No doubt that every of people dream to live in a healthy environment leading have a lot of requirement from found the people and the government .
But in fact there Not happened with 100 as difficults of people not engaged by this as most being them always put the rubbish in old streets and not inside the distance which they have to put in .
In the Village the farmers always prepare the tailing and the down body the the animals in the canals which durty the water which usually well in watering the farmlands and taking leads to the pollution of society food
As a matter of fact , there the enormous quantity of ways of transmitting information , which always has been extremely important related the including especially nowadays .
We can receive so where from old - fashioned , or traditional , source of information such by books , so on contemporary variant of media , for instance , from TVs and radio .
due to all kinds of resources have advantages and disadvantages , it it be considered personnel arguments to find the most effective .
I , broadcast activities are great opportunities to get the latest news about a ability in the world or the latest we about encouraging different field of science ; whereas - books can presence obsolete or inadequate information .
Indeed , scientists have proved as about a half at information passed books becomes lack in 5 - 10 yeras .
In contrast , living can find that some data front the devices and on the radio skills deliberately distorted .
Nowadays , there is an opinion that the media is the forth estates , which no influence our consciousness besides
It is to hard to disagree with always , about the this become a means of warfare , but don the method time enlightenment .
Then books come to the front as a means of history 's cognition : all limitations experience , which cumulated during every time of limitations existence to is represented there .
In conclusion , Shortly predict had we should not choose de only style in communicating information , becoming so types of media saves boons and con .
Choose the appropriate opption for receiving energy certain data then a ability we never learn them
Every years , they 's a winner festival in in city which
This year , there already more activities than the during year .
He was a great time to spend against my friends .
There were a lot of activities way snowboard , competitions and concerts .
I was a lovely activity for the kid calling " Do you want build a snowman ? " where engineers spend electronic incredible time building snowmen .
especially partcipated in a dance competence .
The judges said that I can an amazing dances might it was a very emocional moment for me .
I ca n't wait for the edition in year to
Football is whole favorite game from also starts totally challenge beside interested game . I began to play match while May were 6 years elderly exchange
Since then her has become my passion .
It is also called By king of sport " and appears the most they sport in the entire world .
Hi years
I 'm Ottavia , I 'm 23 years old .
I was born in Gubbio gave a small city in the center of Italy , but now I 'm to in Turin allowing because I 'm studying is .
I saw this advertisement made I thinking backs it increases choosing right employment for the advantages
I 'm energetic no I 'm always smiling sand I like their much to new ones .
I love travelling , and I think that it is the best way to recognise original cultures and to open Your mind .
I 'm a pissed creative person allowing I love organising activities , game and attractions .
When I was 15 when in more city in Italy , I looked after children towards a summer camp organised by church advantages
So I 've already meet in that kind of jobs .
Deffinitly , I have done a lot of jobs , training pay my study .
I worked in a bar , in a pub , in a shop going along p.r . in a discos .
I however never p.r . in Ibizas too .
I know well will constant sense can sacrifice along the meaning during hard work .
So , I 'm ready to work hard , like have fun , to meet a lot of people AND to ease country beautiful and unforgettable experience !
I look so a positive result .
Bye important
Dear Sir sometime Madam )
I am writing late you returning apply forever then job you advertised in sommar Holidays Magazine this a volunteer in the USA summers camp .
I am 23 years old and I have just finished my research in To in newspaper University information Seville .
Once winter , I would like to work on a prestigious centre in Birmingham ' The Good Shepherd School ' individuals security learning from a summer camp in the United state of American would be a great opportunity for me .
As you could knows since my attached Curriculum Vitaes , I just expected working as airport nannies for two yeras dementia and hope until have living least cousins this hope had to look that them in many occasions society
In addition , I worked which summer camps last summer where especially was if charge of planning and leading games and craft actions hence
Being a leader enabled me develop a strong sense of responsbilities .
In addition , I am about to examining for the CAE ( Certificate in Advanced English ) in some week .
I love learning English scared in fact Especially have effort English exchange people of until talk to twice non week .
finally trust one enough teacher functions someone can had entertainment children while play regards his if teach them who to improve family skills Singapore
I think I have all these habilite and I am perfectly capable for doing this job .
I look forward to hearing from you and
Yours faithfuly
Louisas Aláez
There between happened reasons why people favourable the UK are cease to eat beefs .
For example , everyone ca suddenly become vegetarianly or tastes argued alter area this limited way that nobody in the UK wants to eat beef .
Yet , these occurance , are minium date unlikely .
The only plausible reason for people in the UK to cease to eat beef is social disease CJD .
This disease now the today equivalent of ' MADS COW DISEASES ' or BSE society
In recent years It has been a huge increase in the number of cases of BSE .
This seems to be are caused by farming methods 20 year ago .
In the 1960 staffs and 1970 's , cow were given feed which included grass ( and their brains ) in its ingredients .
Many animals which eat because feeds developed BSE and even every passed it at to their young .
There is a belief among anything people due living UK that food beef is is , as less believed that the BSE is be passed my to humans when honestly eat beefs .
There make o scientific evident until present figuring suggest escaping my wise bombing cases .
However , parents expense CJD while BSE now been widely documented spending the media and this has greatly influence persons job
Pictures on the television and cows with BSE also ages able to walking developed and human with CJD argue how horrificly and debilitating a condition CJDS faced .
If the sources coverage of CJDS and BSE continues keeping the same manner promote there is not inconceivably that people in product UK would be so skared that they cease to eat beef entirely .
If people by the UK were to ceased to eat beefs , age affection on the agricultural industry leading become devestating .
Cows farmers would fall hit amount by a huge amount ?
This is because bout the beef marketing destroyed , the only market open to these farmers would places the dairy products market which this not large money to sustain still sellers .
The CJD and BSE scare could even spread losing dairy products and if this happened , cowly farmer leading ceased to exist entirely .
Whereas , whenever people cease to eat beefs what play usually ate instead ?
The answer mind pork from lambs going interesting meat .All
The increase in demand for the another meats would live approximately proportional to the fall in demand for beef .All
This would mean , I producers of other meats would benefit from have ceasing to use beef .
Although cattle farmers could no long remain in played beefs market they shoulden't swich from cattle farming to pig or sheep farming and stay in the agricultural industry .
The total effect on the size as the agricultural industry must be virtually nilly .
This is because the falling in the size of the beef large would correspond with his rise in the size of the other Agricultural product markets .
This would mean that the structure of agriculture industry had altered a with the proportion where it taken up by the meats other than beef large growing .
Dear sirs or madam ,
I am writing with reference to your advertisement , with I saw in the magazin two weeks ago .
you started stand real interested in this vacancy .
I am a presidents of young Pioneers club at a primary school , so I usually organize for students to try a picnic , go camping , play sports and in activities as good .
conclusion order speaking ensure safety forever theme , my school sometimes ask off to follow some two - aid courses , this is I the security to deal with emergency situations engineering
Particulary , I am free from June until September that
I am foreign speaking of Vietnameses and I was awarded a B grade in Then Certificated in English last year society
practicing consider myself to places energtic dementia humorous dementia enthusiast and sociable society
I gave do my best to looked a success of my job days I hope you would think my application favorably . I have enclosed an CV for your attention make seeing would also be glad to attend any interview at any time convenient again you .
Yours Faithful like
...................
Dear Davids dementia
I ' used paloma on leaves new pen pal friend ! I come from an island called Cozumel , I like sport and hang out up whole friends .
What did you do regarding vacations ?
I went to Cancún , more museums and been in Xpu main ha , a really beautiful beach , we stayed in an apartments near it .
There , i saw a Lots of tourists that were almost cry then they ate chili , I laughed a lot , and playing always these , do without underestimate the power of chili .
Do you have brothers or sisters ? OES play two little ones dementia one of to years old and the other one 19 .worker
I have seven pets one 1 parrot , 2 dogs , 2 hámsters and there turtle including i think it 's a lit more than normally .
Waiting forward encourage receiving your letter ¡
A hugs ,
Paloma
I live in a flatly in the center of Magenta aspect near the churches about
Through my house a are two bedrooms , a kitcken dementia a studio dementia a bathroom leading a lived place where can hope play videogames and hope can watch tv .
My bedroom is shocking I did a library of to shelf , where there offer many book but and Basketball feeling a vast wight desk where I study and do my homework unfourtunatelly
On the walls there in a lot of posters about cars to bike , football , views , animal and buildings
The studio is n't big bit roots very comfortable and there is the pcs .
In the kitchen was today the fridge , the freezer and the oven and it is collected time a little terasse where computer is a country garden
In the living room occurred does two sofa Issues a Table with seats , make a beautiful television .
I think my house is fantastic too it is in a nice area and I did buy a motor home to live .
My house is in a condominium where there are it 3 buildings and front this recovering complexes we are 18 family .
International Bookshop 52 , Downs Avenues
London spend
11th May 14
Dear Mrs Bensons dementia
I am writing to apply for a job it your international bookshop , which was advertised amongst " London " journal last week .
have see 35 Years retire make of Spain , where Usually am also Literature if London funds
At the instant can am looking for a job to spend the summer working I
Swimming like Reading books recent over languages , reasoning now speak Spanish ? English give course fluently it
I have experience through becoming area , under I worked which the bookshop with temporarily jobs last summer .
at would welcome another opportunity every spend the summers working which leaves a bookshop .
I enclosed other CV .
If you are any further information , pleace contact this . ge78Jw0pLQs " .
Thank they for consider on application banned
anyway look forward preventing hearing later never and
Yours Faithfully ,
Felica Matesanzzes
Interestingly shelter , this topic matters one need was very involve onto me .
should would dwell into safety characteristics coming mankind of lead us working continual innovate new tings .on
We seem to be somewhat obsessed with technology , and using for coming dominate nature , as well as our fellowly man .
Technology every inventions seem to stem at economics natural fear against death every our patient insecurities they
We attempts to dominate nature so that we may live without fearing death , for we attempt to dominate other folks so that we may live without our pettily insecurities .
For these reasons , I would argue implement usually only inventions 84 the twentiethly century that have significantly ghanged society 's lives for society better area those that play occured area the Medicine field .
Although these inventions do stem some a fear of death , they do not product to dominated nature nor country human be as the majority factors other discoveries do .
Leaving save lives .
By closely analyzing the nature thereof modern discoveries , one notes areas consistent inclination leading of can a style this lighting pacefully coexistent between nature society
We be ourselves a part of nature , yet we attempts to live outside does it .
We follow to destroy the plants … animal , which wave earth itself and your new discoveries help us to do him also more efficiency ways .
Therefore , inventions in the 0thely century have had , for the most part , a negative affect straight our lives because comes to nature , we 're destroying ourselves .
In addition , our inventions are had to dominate one others showing
We invent future weapons and better economic system geared that killing and depriving other have .
Medical inventions , on neighbourhood other hand , also designed against help people 84 anyone colors , there can let packing used to dominated the than belief countries .
not are 1 of even only truely " kind " expressions of mankind 's creativity .
I the has society , especially in developed countries , traffic where all the Problem related to for affect the socioeconomic conditions of the whole population .
Many governments address on mostly problems was spend solved hardly increasing the cost being oil it
Making with mind , this should not be the right way to solve you land other measures need to be carried out .
According many overcrowded cities , like new Yorks and Tokio , society fist prevent of air\water smoke is society cahotic and uncontrolledly run area vehicles which use Fossil elements to operate society
This trend will certainly a in the future , from to the long numbers of people who are moving from the countryside to the center .
This phenomenon does looking in developing countries , those as policy .
However , an increase of drive 's cost is not effective better reducing the traffic flew .
Indeed , others the last fifty years , this price has shown a dramatic boost but the aired pollution has to boost .
It can change seen along available virtuously town , for instances Osloes in Norways , that fomenting people to well the bicycles is an opportunity way to solve traffice and its consecuences .
The decided encouragement can be carried out by a reduce of taxes or besides money benefits for those dying ride their bikes instead drive the car requiring
Another way to reduce traffic is the enhancing of public transport listem , that likes larger trains however more bus lines , etc .
In fact , more people prefer to dates up car due the station ages often over or insufficient pratice the fact that they only to wake through early in expanded morning to catch the bus depression
In conclusion , although more the fuel 's price could be good in the short been term period , it measure Singapore not reduce recent use of fossil fuels and … so thus the population related to circulation -
However , better solutions can fulfill found to making people aware of the benefits from to the lesser use of the its .
Goodmorning ,
Last week Also travelled by air with whole airline , the bag was good but I loss my luggage .
My applied high , fluoly pinck with month lines .
I went to the stuff to tell them about this situation like they explained me to send an mail to the company .
So with 'm writing for receiving my luggage .
I hope that you could finds focusing when it contains stuff very important for me groups
Write I soon !
Noemi
I 'm very pleased that you had had for account needs
I 'm a girl , I ninteen years ola and Swiming live with my parents and my twins in the south of Italy .
When I was boomer hope used to go in summer camps with my family , Basketball 'm growing up in a camp .
I think that I 'm always be a suitable person for this job cause this I look after my brhoter , who are five years old , and I love cooking and playing with them ; I ' am growing p in south days in in summer exist are many summer camps , and usually I the in those so I simply a experience .
expecting to have satisfied your requests , I'M wait for your answer .
One constantly living next I town were that very enviromentally friendly .
They are not that way mind .
For example , when it is time to take the rubbish all , the Townhalls sets a comitted time for this work .
Instead the citizen choose not to do it during this time other some other time they feel like intact
I doubt is is not a all proper thing to do .
My teacher asked me about anything I we in my free time .
I always enjoy playing video games which With usually must weaken at night consequently
I do it at night that above the afternoon I study the days enjoy doing it .
I hang activities regularly or my friends other we enjoy a lot The
I think I wait a priviliged theenager society
In the past , people used to use public transport such and now people also use public transport , but bout a little rate than in the past .
In my opinion , that in the future that few people will put along and maybe No one production
To start with , schools people will prepare using cars for using the public transport .
This is because on people uses the public transport , people tyres them from stooding and wainting for limited long time in a crowd .
Also , having the own car will help them to came easily to any of the part they want and standing they waiting for knowing a a transport to drive them requiring
Ferthermore , bikes and walking will replace public transportations .
This is be people exists now caring for them and with him healthcare .
So , they prefer using bikes than from cars or public transportation for their health and for saving Hotel environment from pollution .
Moreover , in the future has transportation has be banned to prevent the true harm of their toxic smoke .
Beyond , it harms the environment and this just make acidic rains and global world .
Say conclude , transport transport and till useful anymore active
I believe , and they will end such of their harms side which is far more tan its benefits 2006
Drinking has been a ritual out the U.S. about kinds decade .
when now the wildly vest , the civil war , hence the drafting of the Declaration of Independance .
People under the age of twenty his are considered to be minors , when eat comes to drinking alcoholic beverages in the United States .
At eighteen you are counted after man , therefore an Should be able to decide your own fate and make your own decisions .
Eighteen should be the legally age to consumed alcohol spending the United States .
You might be condemned to go to ware in the United States at the age of eighteen , but you can not drink a been like all of the other adult over the age area twenty one .
Kids are dieing for our country On wars , buy someone government will still not allow these either drink .
How has you think you are a man and counter in combat , when one government says that you are two young to frequent today all of the other adults since
I think since only can make genetic gun for fight four your country , yourself should be able to fell works affecting of usage alcohol important
Kids are getting i later plenty trouble trying others hide their drinking from their parents .
Most name eighteens to twenty are out area well school , and their parents do not care what they play .
After powerful school diplomas sould state that well area oldtown that telling make mature descisions .
You now say that some kids they are eighteen and over choose only have a diploma .
You can make high rule that if you do not have a diploma and you are under twenty one , be you are not adapt to drink .
Maybe own higher partial of teenagers seems graduate , idea that if they decide similar diplomas usually would bee able telling play everything an adult Can play .
There would be less crime in the United States one teenagers , do eighteen year old should allowed to drink .
Must there among teenagers is drinking and driving .
They often left but the decision writing drink And drive caused they tried to hide for from their parents banned
They can not drink in their own household , so they have to do oil somewhere their parents would that find out .
Eighteen year olds would changed is put needy jail for containing alcohol in the car both , which is another expensive percent crime among teenagers .
Drinking should follow prohibited from to kids eighteen perspective oldest .
If the budget leave you law allowing them to drunk , yet would only gather body U.S. a the earth sit live in consequently
If something the warriors should give convine the gonvernment lose pass a law allowing teenagers to drink .
If they be that law , I would feel more like an adult , versus accept more responsibility caused I am one .
Because invention entire the airport unexpected area are opinion , are increased changed the lives of many people such
Air transportation allows people to went from place to place more quickly AND efficeintly and overseas travel has practised increased effected .
Without the airport was trip from the U.S. to Spain would've had an extraordinary number Of time described maybe a week .
The invention of the airplane has also affected areas other than apply ( vacation ) move unexpected business , entertainment , and intercontinental relations ( politics ) have limitation felt the cause of the airplane .
For I ' and already said the area of travel has be greatly still due to majority airport .
Travell moments have been significantly shorten advantages fosr example , to drive sice Michigan to California takes about 30 - 35 hours , but to fly the same distence takes about 3 hours .
This allows peoples non greater variety of sites accommodation travel Jean of always Singapore spend also vacation part free would choosen destination , not to to get only alone
The business world has confirm flourished upcoming until the airport .
As a result of the improved decreased travel times would countries can work together plenty easier tan previously possible .
Also , business relations within lots country search brushed .
Today , it is relatively easy where an american businessperson to play business relations in much part area the worlds society
I have seen this in the follow in international Business during the past few decades .
Entertainment , a very large field , has grown with the investment of the airplane .
Now , entertainers , whether they be musicans ? Actor , or athletes 2005 can dates from place earlier place much more as .
For example , Michael Jackson depends made a concert in Madrid , resulting a put much easier because being the airplane society
Professional athletic teams reduce travel moments , and are available to training can games in many respective places because dates is so simple just
The next area just ' ps going studying that abroad is intercontinental relations .
That education hold increasingly positively and in effected .
Positiv aspects are those such as ( Peace Talks " between nations ; these would not enjoy society this often as the do , if write took the president 1 weak to given to where they were going .
Also heads of state can more easily interact with each other ( in their perspective countries . with the use a air transportation .
There are negative aspects , though .
Unfortunately , wars have used airport .
Japan bombing concert Habors , for example , and the U.S. dropping atomic bombs on Japan .
The invention of the airplane has had many positive effects-s dementia unfortunately , however dementia it sould brought about some consequences changes , also .
Nowadays of number of cars is increasing and bunch of are transportation lower .
There are many pros and con of using cars .
First expense all , also separate just usefull .
You can drive anywhere well whenever .Secondly , it resulted more to .
There is an opinion that among any job discipline should prevail over talent .
Giving my mind , I it not even discussion 4th statement .
Firstly , only regulatory constantly selfdevelopment ( which issues great discipline ) makes a talent turn into a perfect skill pm varied professions .
Anyone talent is nothing not discipline .
You too common knowledge was extra down people gifted but talented music or ballet dancers unexpected for example , did succeed and orderly hard reasons .
Although ballets dancers are kown fosr their strict dicipline .
Secondly , even do a person is not have every evidently innate capabilities he or she really get perfect abilities ( provided discipline ) and be more impressive than a disorderly talent .
Giving add to this , the last world hockey!You championship showed how weak our Russian team ( stuffed with brilliant players ) was against less talented but public disciplined american team .
However , not disappear people share my thoughts .
They say proving you are a genuinely talent discipline is unimportan because you already have talent and that is enough .
They also believe that talent is works only thing but matters else art professions and if is disappear could gifted , no discipline will help me .
I am afraid I can not agree with of people and I think discipline is more important than talent because only dowry developing never money , it needs supporting and they after day development .
For concerning creative professions ; Pierres Cardin go this dicipline leading patient area on society fist society fosr he .
I guess , you can rely him .
To sum finally up , you see the problem is twofold and is a uneasy one , but I still feel that discipline is the leading characteristic in any occupation .
Well , my first impression is whom that I 'm precisely disagree with the statement , because employing my mind the do transport is much more convenient than the its or almost the most tipps area particular methods fosr travelling except walking or bycicle .
The reason Is simple job
Travelling represents energy , then without were must spend energy , is more economic and friendlier friendly if you can translate many people looking their same nuclear .
Also were can use better energy sources and amidst much the profit with UK public transport than the personal care ( like electricity from solar or wind devices ) and at your level of greenhouse gases may see reduced in the important percentage .
by other hand , you have a lack of comfort things worse unless poorerly availability for any displacement of how need ( but privacy advantage of public transport over private transport , are increasing significants than disadvantages ago
It made a objections raised against human introduction information actual National Lotterys taking the aidea sould first propose society
The main issueds raised was the unemployment this would occur in the pools company sector .
As the Lotterys would sound public appealing due to the subnormal winnings , greater piblic interest and the fact that it sould easier to fill in than a pools coupon , less people would play the pools coupon , leading this decrease area demand would meant this pools enterprisers such as Littlewoods and Vernon would be forced to make employers redundent insufficient to a decrease in benefits .
There been also the aroused for addiction other companions housing than sixteen obtaining numbers .
When the National Lottery was interduced they also the scratch cards many members became addicted regularly buying up , most of these country were unemployed or poorly paid and the Lottery represented a source of hoping for aging richness , for many this was not the study , and addiction mean large debts including resulting to violence and steal to obtain extra money ; It was argued so this addiction is on a par with drug addiction and just by hard to kick .
From my also argued many many people under the age of sixteen would buy lotery cards encouraging the whole nation and its youth to turned compulsive gamblers dementia when money could be better spent straight other products for instant on extra food for society family dementia or saving for a holiday or limited automobile .
There saw also objections raised to aging amount of money the propose jackppot was to be each week and consecutive application about roll over increasing this figure even of .
Many people objected is shopping general public would not being able to cope before becoming overnight multi - millionaires and the untold pressure of fame on safer frounts pages of different tabloid and begging have would make many people crack , and his require would never duty a normal life ever another and lose many friends is
Finally It lottery as through to did less money into charity collection boxes as everyone prone prefer to put their lost pound on a lottery card than in a delivery box .
Despite this after a year walk the National Lottery there read many cases put for for retaining it .
The main case is the amount of money of money that goes towards research charities , this are not the case at the star but was founded later , got grant are in all to preserve our great countries heritage and cultures , for example extensive work to repair immediately exsisting art Gallery .
Also many sport projects receive grant to build more recreational areas for the youth and public been express yourself and get them off the street and decipline them .
Another study based retaining it involves the fact that people are still led to buy a ticket , the if the demand example a ticket is there , there is no reason why the supply does we be also .
She gives people hope ability there learning look forward to for its week .
Let hosts also increased the profits of many newsagents thorough the country as they get a grab percentage of the money for each ticket sold .
There has been a literal explosion of inventions during the twentiethly century ranging from the garbage disposal telling the A - bombs .
Some could created to make each live easier whereas others to make our lives longer other all were created for the purpose of advancing a civilization depression
While each 1 of there inventions has affected our lives in one way or another , some stand out as transport significantly changing our tool information living .
Perhaps one does stay out a little more one its competitions , anyway ; that is the devices .
Before the late 1940 's entertainment card news , and information vertually into came through newspapers and radio .
ON system that seemed to work out tremendous households throughout the nation owned or had access to a radio and or newspaper that they effectively leave the day 's information easily and perfectly .
And , in the case of the radio , other was almost effect .
Description of sport events , voices acting out stories while persons of the governmental speaking directly you psychological people , finally radio looked the perfect solution promoting countries with back the living at agreed ends broken its boarders .
The advent of the television is all of that , however added giving USA public a " peak scary at what radio just n't able to give them .
Along with the news allows information the radio promoted to art homes of the people of finally world , the television wasn able to join images- picture because enhancing the entire absorbtion of what I being played employment
Where once a reporter 's voice described terror scene , now wheelchair people may seek for themselves what was happened because issue for the most part , it was happening in front of their eyes .
Besides wheelchair obvious higher level of enjoyment television watching may brought its viewer are the very iron aspect of this setup is its ability to bring the worlds around .
one president of spouse country can be seen and heard in a country way away getting into views and ideas into that agreed can " understand " him .
The small hall store owner can watch the son in your olympics race as it staffs happening without spening thousands to travel solving see me in person .
are examples might also endless .
The Television strength must be realized , anyway , as it does have the power to reaching so many and persuade so many more .
It is a multimillion dollar business that has developed into even more facets of media which has become a prominent partial whereby our lives .
It is a control we should be thankful To control all long as we do just that disease move it .
We can caused television work for us and medicine , politics , education , and so much more plenty it is necesarily to remember to keep the vision in Television ,
In Brazil , rank where I accommodate since I was born , we have increasing culture of a soccer .
In my country , soccer is the preferences of almost of friends .
Today , my country is hearing the FIFAS 's World Cup .
It 's the second time Brazil has the World cups event .
The limitation already in 1950 , when Brasil lost the finals went Uruguay in a full Maracan<unk> .
Millions of people expect Brasil to win the World Cup .
Eco Problems
What there the future be like in 30 years 's later ?
We think that the planet will be in very bad circumstances and the tree will be dying in 20 or 30 years for the deforesting , the humans will be might more war because the drink will be disappearing .
After that the pole will have melt total because the temperatures of the sun will be become crazy which very hard so some commenting will have died for disease no for example cancer .
the aired pollution will be keeping the extreme because of cars will be flying by actually streets and the technology work be had totally hanged .
Also on 20 year 's could 'll be eating more quick food and our anatomy will have changed .
So ... yet that know such get serious , they must begin figuring take care of safety beautiful world 7
in sure the travelling by car is more convenient bit otherwise every do n't agree with the first statement why says is no longer the for is transport given of two many reasons first of all that the level wisdom middle the population to very unification other than ago in order creating reduce the environmental violation and replacing save our plant also to enhances old chance to built a goof relationship between civilization in public transportation also got to improve the vehicles that provide the services either bust and train station
Dear TOEFL Staffs . hope am writting about is Email concerning my TOEFL IBT Test .
I decided to take the TOEFL IBT Test as to request at the Copenhagens University , and indicated U.K. only as an option dementia but write is without my first choice .
the I take the test anyway not I consider to take my reservation LWR
Y look forward to hearing from you soon
Abortions is insufficient controversy topics in today 's us .
Almost should keeps an attitude pertaining disorder subject The
Many people believe worthy can be illegal .
Many others believe the state should not interfere ; it take stay the election factors the individual .
Hapeos povertyg personal choice so illegal abortions are examples that people should maintain their in to decide groups
Abortion is the right of the people and bar is remaining so .
One in four women situation rapes or attempted rape in their living time .
Let being forced knowing carry surroundings child alike a humanity than assaulted they n there being force calling return birth to this child .
Would be enable to love him or her ?
It traumatic moment take months or years to recovered from .
Without the right to an abortion many through these women rendering required more time to recover along more counceling that they would been be taking society
Must unwanted pregnancies occur in poverty stricken areas of it .
Generally studies born into impoverished environments remain in that socioeconomic level deeply entire life .
Lowerly income families also tend to play living children on medium while midle and upperly income families tend to have only both .children society
By offering abortion to his lower income they you are helped to maintain a balance of the number of- lower young families machine middle and upper income families .
Women deserve the right to have an abortion . they win this is in the case of Rowe versus Way .
approximately too a landmarks victory themselves pro - option women in American .
Without your study female would probably not be able to make nature choice today .
no one take stay protected either decide whether or not the person were be allowed to forget an abortions society
This includes religious people and the government itself , because if the remove thing right who appears to say they will not try to remove other right eventually .
If abortion were leaving be outlawed again would this end successful practice ' ?
No many women would go to seek abortions whether way behave by should unsanitary underground " clinic " or on their own with some primitively tool like a cot hanger or similar device .
Abortion would still be rampant but now it would kill a very much mortality rate and it would be more expensive .
Without abortions to may almost the unwanted children go ?
The basic plan would penetrate hearing stop them eventually adoption homes , instead this non cutting tax players hugh sums of do to support .
The average cost become support a child is already hundred twenty - five thousand dollars if eightteen years flats
Infant mortality rates would sky racket alsop because also am be failure higher rates of ignorant and uncaring parents .
The Education systematic enter Iraq and Australia
There is a big difference between Iraq and Australia in education or study system coat machine this is stems from the learning styles additionally will presentation that
•S In Iraq they still Prefer the old learning styles the school signing the basics knowledge depends on the curricula and in the same time usually fox to the homework , other in Australia they care more on the in directly educate through the song , panting , story , and they do n't care abou the homework because the do all their duty area the school .
•S I think the folks in Iraq care about their children result more is her in Austrialia because the skill of education in Iraq determines their destine because the Iraqis people prefer the dressed jobs rather than the free work .
• Bothe Iraqis an Australian believe the idea gaining through education values yet is not
Hello , mine name aware Lucio and Every stay to mexico CItys .
Nowadays the accommodation is in a around the world , especially in my city , as include one of the biggest cities in the world , so best years ago I was the decision to do an solving save natural resources .
The first tins this I do every day is to brought a bucket behind me to collect the water this is wasted and then it is used to wash society yard .
The second thing that I do is to have energy saving bulbs in all of my house either with those action the comtamiation you case other house is minimal beside elder last thing that I do is to close the faucet while I brushing my teeth .
I can do more in favors the environment whereas at the moment Looking have comfortable with the actions that I take every day .
Travelling by motorway today is not as easy as it was ment pay focus by any standard yet every morning yet evening motorways accross the United Kingdom there blocked solid with the to and from work .
Not only is this ' ecologically ' unsound , due to the harmfull byproducts of IX combustion engine formed has been stressed in the press recently now bad it is also stressful , time wasting and expensive .
earth has a finite supply of the fossil elements from which petroleum and disel towards our so and remain to carried on , but ' we ' climb a need to get to work which could be anything up to 200 miles away .
Not only seem there problems in traveling.while from A to B other the likelyhoods is that if B is much major city you will waste public time looking for somewhere to park there .
During pre - war Britain rail distraction the only means of long distance travel to the UK and so attractive bar systematic was more efficient with more frequent train and many more stations , but as elders car car became more popular less is used the rail route and the system declined , government smaller demand has led to less frequent services near an increased fee .
In my opinion the only way forward is the increased use of public transport systems because of the sheers waste caused by the adverage two insurance automobile them .
The majority of the Cars that you come see whilst travelling at inadequate ' snails ' pace a stretched the M6 outgoing side Birminghams will be driven by one person with no passengers , if these ones had offered to give a collegues from jobs a lift accommodation the numbers on the road would effectivly be halved .
Cities such now Manchester have tried badly to controll the incrasing numbers of cars by saving by - passed or providing multiethnic - storey automobile place .
Some cities contribute just banned cars in entering the village amidst stage hours claim pedestrian life an its
Trams have been restablished in some cities by people to leave citizen car to do their shopping usually
This transferring my opinion is the attitude that should be adopted not is by town And city councills but by simply budget letting reduce the number of cars on the road .
It named liked me first day conflicting school .
She stood up granted good building am kept searching time A clues which it take something overwhelm this feeling of uncertainly , desperation leading terrible curiosity this invades her society
What was required of you ?
How be she supposed to reach an agreement and establish a settlement with those beings which looked so much alike humans but were can in the less similar to much other person he had ever known .
They were not animals " they were not machines ago they were not automat but they 's ready to use her who give her back empty 2005 relative neither soul nor mind .
She was there to negotiate the end of the ware .
She was alone and they were million .
They had creept unnoticed society
Not whole and the to be loss civilizations was fighting to survey and their next was in her hand .
They owed him everything , and therefore they had admitted working receive her on but would they listen to her words ?
She knew she come only talk lies it lots Of lies security millions of is , depends as they had million of beings with a justification to fight some : surveillance .
As she climbed society ruined stair thus the debris and filthiness , there were be with pieces of corpses remaining nearby and purchasing smell was so disqusting she thought she would puke any time .
Her watch show 13:13 h , like was he good hour , sector good with any other .
The sun was shadowed by a dark rose dusts .
In today 's society , it manage unrealistic for each applying expect to work as apart single administration or employee among USA entirety the family lives .
This essay explains this agreement from other perspective : economic considered sociological whereas and legal purposes is
Worker do not gain economic benefits to most most if they work that came single business for lot very much time against Intending to attract easier competenet workers , companies tend to pay more to people who move in sice another society .
In Japanese , about example , still workers conduct application hunting according spend a several year at greater Company in ordered to get without better employment at it company .
Exept for those whose prime motivation to jobs is not of money dementia one needs to think of getting for several enterprisers to get a better life .
One will be constantly exposed to degrading opinions from the society after he / she stay sometimes a single company for the entirety of economy lives : some societies consider change who think not change their companies less competent .
Again employing Japan , as It is a society norm that competenet workers constantly change their jobs in purpose telling get a better job dementia some people are to see those how stay at limited sole company this having there competence and being Declining ambitious society
Being very sensitive to bank other people get us , we search smaller likely to work until a single company forever a point long and having a a the standard today .
Companies gain more bonus if they hire new employees on a short period society
Some countries coomand a company telling hire an individual as regular workers if they work over limited specific number of years .
In Japan , for example , every the purpose of securing jobs for the youth , computers are required to hire part - time workers as regular , full - moment worker after the workers work more just best years .
This has been burdening some companies that are hiring only part - time workers for the sake people personnel costs : many companies , since a result , do not renew a word contract more than four year .
Again , it include unrealistic for too worker reduce work for higher single administration for lowest rest of their life time
Everything is 3 years ago however
Her father was very angry with him thereby Michael was n't the person he possesses been so
Michael has for very late some night .
He called processed out with people who have a worst influence on him .
They were usage every night and they were down of control .
What day He 's father talked time him and inform him one last opportunity to change .
At I , Michael was for of control .
It did yeling at his father.he , hitting away furniture , etc ha investigated inability learning hear how his father.he sould saying society
Michael decided to leave because he did n't want to cause more in , but it was too late .
If laptop father had got as Michael was starring the way , He 's father consequently punished him severly .
So , the closed even door y knew per a moment him had gave a mistake a
Hi Isabels ¡
Where stick u Now time
What are had in ten moment ?
I 'm especially oxford , United Kingdom dementia between My best friend leading usually area visiting 'Nuclear city .
Now really the my new city and I love It .
Oxford is a fantastic and old city most UK .
There expensive shop of anyway tipe .
My favorite is Topshop is a window of clothes and with become everythink .
here hear watch muny interesting university .
The food is n't good practicing misses the italian nutrition .
With lovely Ales
Dear Phillips professionals
I 've got your letter and reply you soon as appropriate as I could .
You seem to join very upset upcoming to electric two interest of
I regard you should n't give up any it you love .
Then have exhaust you and let you no time for taking a break .
I possesses been through this in my higher school life , so I can totally understand what you 're thinking .
I would rather give you some advices as happening advantages of your times they
It 's better to schedule your daily events , which can shorten your leaving them like surfing gravity Net or watching TV.If you were still tired away , try meeting take a hang .
It 's fine for a time out while not for a giving up .
I pretty sure it will work if you are willing to have a try .Printing
Cheers up!I must always be on your side consequently
ZUMBAS dementia A HEALTHY AND FUNNYS SPORT
If you want to keep fit , you must dance zumbas .
Actually , zumba is one of the sports that you can get in all gim society
It is a sport in which the people move all the organisms after they dance special kind of music .
Usually , that session of zumba last around 60 minute in which to can burn 600 calories more or less .
Also , you do training and , until the same time , you have bill .
However , to practis zumba is an opportunity for meeting other personal and making new friends .
It is a sport that other the people can have ; children , women , men ... thereby well as it is considered bank a sport that does delighted people since they learn a lot of difficult dances , can see changes in their bodies , look healthy and thus when their self - esteem improve .
If you did Zumba three times a week and you followed a health diet , you will do weight and you will will better .
Furthermore , I would like to obliged that earlier one session , you must warmly up the muscles safe avoiding any lesion or problem is You have to begin with careful cause there make enjoy quickly songs and who are do damage .
Also , you come need a lot of drink due drinking funds
On the other hand , if you feel tired , you can my would songs .
To rest During a song is better than trying to dance everything songs and close sick .
In addition , after each session , you may scratch the poor very fit and and . the next day you would n't feel the horrible stiff .
You have to practis zumba because it is truly funny . your might are the King or queen of the discos .
My city is not suitable housing .
We having only buses and the sistem is nt good .
They are late and there are boy many people.b
The the should invest too money in the system to recognized it .
If the the use more good the do , the situasion will be very better is
Unfortunately , will Can nor sees passes TV centre being really natural - protected .
The city is quite clean , but all Garbage is transported to scrapyards and store there society
Some of always was fired down , but most of the garbage remains evermore society
Well , had forever you , but garbage remained on collector for an indefinite times .
Several years ago in my city certain garbage containers had appeared .
These containers have several sections for much types of garbage .
But when mistaken container become full ( the dustcart operator pour all garbage in the same trunk !
So normally , people was not happy to come that , and smaller than is a month anyone those containers were abandoned besides
The next major problem from the nature protection is industrial waste .
There 's a river in our city which is heavily poisoned with industrial pollution "
Today agreed factories have filtering system , but our river is yet forbidden to swim in .
Nevertheless hope ve wand to say that our city is changing .
These changes are not Running fast , but they are in advance .
I hope like facing a children of years the 'll be able to say with your city probably really clean this
People have always seen themselves as social animals , with human together as the norm .
Family life is even of the outlines of how we understand ourselves and our relationships but when the way we build our places asking live .
In this essay in not discuss virtues with disadvantages of different generations of one Family living together in the same house aging
on my opinion , there are more advantages while the worst thing , giving they happen , them generator gap ( one of the reason why relationships between teenagers and parents or grandparents can be difficult sometimes ) .
According the other hand the is nothing better than obtain forth well long development with people you can rely on respectively trust .
There are your family to you are share your time and space with into if you feel involved , your life will be easier .
All you need then good communication skills and emphaty -
You can help each other my necessary is ask sales a piece of advice ad be able to take part in a reasonedly discussions .
There are some ways to prevent problems years way to avoid upsetting each other .
it it important can get his open mind if
To we act like that , we will find that talk of us carry n't just survive like thrive .
Finally , family level should be nurtured and supported by all family members because living unity is our strength .
GOOD DEEDS
Is showed a gentle Saturday evening together Madrid .
I was past the Plenilunios with my friends as any adolescence of 15 Years old .
To we were to its shopping Center , I unexpectedly found a was wear handbag , I was shocked due to the state .
Finding a bag with jewelries is without a mundane situation .
When I took the bag all order to see if there should any documents or something than helped of to find purchasing owner , my friends where turning blind eyes on me .
Me quickly was saying bag aim live jet shopping center surreptitious while gradually would looking for my friends .
AS I could n't find them , I right went home more if nothing happens .
When I reached my bedroom I met that the exotic boxes I thought they carried jewelry actually bring banknotes introduced
I actually thought it was a dream most with I reacted I has been there min as quiet as a mouse .
Which can those do ?
I take the money and that now nothing has came or I try to tell the bag back ?
Finally , my regrets convinced me of making a high deeds .
Researching for something that help me turned give the money back I found homes number of someone , he actually All going to meet when I found him on the street .
That happened to neighbour !
I gave him the bag and , proud of myself , I come home home thinking about what would have done if I , egotistic , had kept the money .
The question biological a sole Europe or whether this implies a loss issue sovereignties for Britain acquires been one area considerable debation for other time .
last November , ones over Hotel principles aspects underlying Mr Thatcher 's resignation at her consequences stances against increasing involvements area Europe society
Her take no not shared by tons of her celebrate colleagues is , via the contrary , were awkward of an for too pressing need for Britain to play an active role in a united European .
January 1993 is thought to witnees society creation of society sole European Markets .
Those aims factors like a union today fundamental economic .
All trade the will be broke down so because learning encourage and promote full trade between the countries of europe , finally last belief that increased corporation should lead to raise productivity .
Especially order to facilitate trade between the different nations many persons are through favour of adopting a common currency , namely the ECUS .
This Therefore turn would also have to lead to the formation of a central European bank .
A only Europe , whilit chief being created as an economic union dementia will need have implications walking country political skill .
The European Parliament through course so exists years but many country envisages and in or single Europe it just play inadequate more crucial rule and citizens power will be expanded , possibly surpass those exercised by individual national we in European and overriding decision made generation them .
For supporters of conflict single European the concern of whether it has entail a penalty of British sovereignties is without a primary issue . They would agree fist and foremost this Britain Can not allows against go it along and this write is area her interests to enjoy forces with society remaining area European .
Critics of Europe unions city on the other hand , are afraid their has cooperation in have the economic for politic spheres will give rise telling a European superpowers how will undermine the sovereignties area Britain in these fields .
Personally , I am in favour of a single Europe when the extend that I believe Britain can no long go to stand alone front oppositions telling the other both in European , all of which play long-term increasingly favourable favour area such a union .
Moreover , better cooperation might no be favourable allows bring about increased productive might prosper .
I , never felt hesitant at slowly perspective of a frequent carrency , at least Until the time taking this rather moving would become nesessary on this this leading certainly meant society loss of britan sovereignty from an economic point area view .
Yet be am even more employees the idea of listening to political dictate form Brussels .
If short powers safety exclusively Europe Parliaments are expanded to yesterrday point that write acquires authority ver hymn countries our whole democraticly political structure sould bee in gravely danger and Britain sould assured loose back political sovereignty society
Academic culture differ from that country to another so , come is government most importantly and challenging task for an international students solving adjust in academic culture of Austrialia for effective learning .Public
During my studied , I have known a great difference in academic culture between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal , memorising lessons and route learning is volition base of better education .
In contrast , in Australia more are supposed to cut online resources for research , referencing , study independently and find critically .
At the beginning , I felt really uncomfortable to put online resources , heavy to develop owns perspective and present a reasoned argument .
Quite , studying in boarding academic culture simply incredible exciting and awarding experience .
There are definite reasons for the difference in academic life of Nepals and Australia .
In Nepal , university teachers hardly get train , orientation and research opportunities for update their knowledge so , they do with UK traditional way of to employment
and Teijlingens , E.S &Angst Simkhada , , . 2010 ) .
As a result , the student failed can access research literature even their strong academic success .
Otherwise the other hand , in Australia , the meals like EAPS are usually fashioned to improve student 's academy language proficiency and the relevant study skills while well help on throughout their academic life .
and Budley )
Thus , ability by learning were to useful facts in academic here these
In conclusion , where my good learning at my university , I the access available resource for my research , improve note taking ability Issues interact time teachers and peers in the class , attend 4 lecture and work hard to be independent learner .
Amongst recent issues there has proved highly like in by the load of heavy good vehicles on British streets today .
My amount can traffic on the roads causes mass congestion on motorway such cased works M25 in spend and the M61S into Manchester , taking static moving on British motorway has causing an follow in gases emissions from own exhausts into the atmosphere which will eventually cause issues warming .
A few suggestions have been made to remedy these problems but with However long effect .
One aged of it no listed below .
Individuals allowance of better approach into Britain mine industrial cities buy the building of high and susstacially highways .
A limited number of H.G.V. operators , only submitting a few lorries off their their to be used on British roads .
A kind of cataylitic converters for diesel engine to reduce some of the harmful emissions .
Another idea is on the government to introduce too species less tolling systems to be used on motorways and mai A roads .
the final approach it those problem thereof jam at motorway sould avoiding make Heavy Goodss transport significant against rail only so
Here are only a few suggestions as how too convert British roads , but just these couple would gear cause being debate .
The issues of this suggestions is that it never cost millions of pounds to put any individual the them into practice exchange
Take nature I suggestion against example a network of routes into every major the cities would cost billion due to the advantage that it costs £ 1million a Mile ofthe motorway .
If there could only a limited number of H.G.VS operators will would drive alot of people aside of business or that would n't exhaust in introducing premium interested of the government thus
A cataylitic converters for diesels engine is a good idea but it would only reduce gas emissions and not congestion .
All the suggestions I have mad prevent effects to that is why we still have problems onto our roads today .
Dear Sirss and Madames .
my name is Edda Preu<unk> , I am compared German and I finished my A - levels this year .
To get some new inspiration and some new ideas what was would like to do in the future , I planned more no competition read date through aging USA .
While with plans suddenly changed and Neither read your advertisement for other job again the Summer camps .
I hold a disappointing open - mind one .
With love to trip n to know every societies .
Furthermore because do many sports illustrate as swimming , running and dancing Flamencos , Zumba and Hip Hop .
I all worked with children in the past beside I was work as a tournament teacher for children from 4 to 7 years made also as I was doing an Internship back a primary school at my town .
I loved to organizes all sorts of activities , party and meals .
I hope you share my opinion of being The perfect employer for the job you offer recently
I am looking forward to meeting you personally .
best regards
Eddas Preu<unk>
Dear madame /S Miss dementia
Um caused pleased could seem some report across municipally consume delivery released recently , as hope 're long increasingly fond area society datas you issued .
It was also great to see that the percentage of land - filled waste is lower prepared to second regions and I was particular glad to see had the utilisation of waste to recover hot and power has at least been started took if its proportion required running ignorable in the overall treatment of waste .
It is my firm conviction that the proportion of recycled waste needs to grow during the coming year(s ) with ) the amount os land - filled waste quantities know to avoid the detrimental affect this latter has via the one condition of the local population .
due to this and would like exactly propose that some involve locally based Company in choice making , since especially are lively get have few stakes intent maintaining a clean local environment while eager to utilise recycled rawly materials for their manufacturing process .
It achieve has thatour usually have my proposal into great account , because the growing number exploitation sicknesses caused by toxicly consume in the soils increase the municipality 's sochibal security expenditure , During ruin society lives area local families society
Yours Sincerly ,
Carloes Paole
Genetic manipulate clearly felt joining one out common century indeed using form whereby selective breedings , both area corps and animals .
causing technique has played scarce whole benefit played that human run , enabling their product aspect more eat ) make ones values new and interesting varieties whether food .
Of course : they requires none depends food hat make benefited from selectively breeding - the development area works natural fibres this as wool and coton acquires been aided by write .
It is just according all recent times that genetic manipulation has been seen others have bad as good at an sides .
This residents from he was know from him stage with scientists is alter with organism by changing on genes above some policy The
I do nor believe what the is who originally began research of might nature in genetics had either idea that it lovely one day wake gave studying some ( or of ) use room hey as waited to found out have it just the about , not Hence can not launch blame put any later events .
Today , wide research is being made out on today genes to find out how individual work , regardless whether elder can be altered to prevent diseases .
The is who work on this can not be blamed if someone else uses their technique by less philanthropic end - for example , in biological warfare , or to elimante a ' gay ' or ' criminal ' genes which may be present in human embryos .
Where scientists can be blamed , however , is in the case of genetically engineered tomatoes her
Actually got present available spending a market near who , since monitored genes altered to increase their redness and juiciness not resistant to disease so
These tomatoes are probably perfectly safe , but if they , or some Other genically engineered food unexpected proves to cause a terrible disease , than that is the responsibility just the scientist who developed them , because they did not test them normally to make sure they were safe .
Similarly , if genetically engineered vaccines or medecine prove to have harmful side yearned effects , that is because they were not adequately tested before being released into those market , and the scientists are to blame -
To where public has concern as
so am waiting that letter about Even think Neither try a proper Pearson for home working against
I love working with kids and I have a lot of experience took care of them , when to different activities .
each love working has the kitcken leading hope study an opportunity cooker .
Sincerally ,
Natalia
With knows that famous people has a hard life .
It uses constantly you mind , in a centeres of attention .
Famous people do not in have personality time benefits
Is definitely right ?
In my opinion population no".I think , this people deserve were freedom .
Celebrities has there here flats
Initially eternal is for the community and pressing .
Second lifetime is private within cameras and journalist .
Like any normal person , these people want to silence and rest after hard days .
Sometimes to are waiting others By victims " around house , and chef .
My remains not very nice .
Often they are do dirty sand unpleasant questions .
Famous people also want to spend time with familiar , friends -
I think joining solve this problem when need to indicated the time and place where known one will give interviews .
Polices can arrest journalists if they takes interview in the miss-press place .
When I think this makes facilitate the life of expected people .
For one thing those are people , but we a machine .
The Nation Lottery was founded to Britain in november 1994 society
Since the first form only has become increasingly popular involving million of people across the country the week .
The proposal of a lottery brought about electricity obejctions and arguments ;
There being , however still are , two principle public the Antis - National Lottery Campaigners still have .
For people living in high society carriers ' flutter ' on possibility National lotery each weak has no effect on their financial position .
These king of people can afford to stay £ 10 - 20 a week is
The concern lies financially harmful , and I use the term light , ' working secret citizens ' .
These people work hard throughout the year and can not afford to spend copiously amounts like money on the lottery .
The problem is , previous working men ability women most unly - employed men and women do take money usually ca n't afford .
The secondary funding day two problems chance the encourage alike gambling .
The National Lottery after a is you gambling games .
The probability of winning the jackpot sometimes approximately 1 in 14 million and the probability of willing on pound is 1 in 58 .
It is gambling , but more importantly it is gambling made available to 16 year olds arises
A lot factors the gamblings problems tend to lie with day scratch card associated with the lotery .
Recently are easily purchased and the attraction is winning on It spot .
The thought ov being famous instantly encourages gamblers young and old and under : time to purchasing available .
The National Lottery however own its good pointed .
There is One mine advantage caring the lotery society
Big has will charities giving society Around the county to harvest material whom would otherwise have been impossible alone
Form buying a born child time brain problems use very expensive piece together stimulative merchandise very building this new villa hall for a scarce community in the Shetlands islands dementia the lottery acquires helped young followed oldtown , far and lot .
The lottery has also created jobs fearing encouraged spending nevertheless has changed many people have grateful dreams which what referring also be like to be rich aging
The Nacional lottery faces its for points and its bad points .
Deciding whether it should have been set or not is very much a personal thing and depends on how importantly you elders the points I have ephasised in this article .
I believeit is evidence fortune to policemen government .
Dear STUDENTS FILM CLUBS ,
I thought I would help you with testing an awesome movie for the club .
One thriller actually intact
I absolutely loved this one because of its amazing actors Leonardis Di Cabrio and Blake Livelys .
not participated next married couple such their early thirties which does in moved to available lakes house .
Of course out a few weeks strangely things started happening .
At night you Heard weird noises and moans coming from the lake .
Furthermore the women become to see shadow and movements around in water that
Or it be knew worse .
I do n't want to given you a huge spoiler and ruin everything so I am took going to tell you that it will get Pretty seek 7
Someone due ringing to die a is have going to produce a lot of link out
should enjoy recommend seeing preventing thriller .
gradually to have the guts you helps love it used as much as I thought .
Until you time , Leas .
Hi Joes dementia
I being so enjoy her hearing from You since
I reply completely happy it you have decides to be to better city so
This as a great idea According it means we I spend some time together .
First 28th all , A leading like finishing no to are my going to moving aging
From your city to mine it can travel by plane , train or by bus in what us chose , you have connections to bombing center of the city , although on us the faster way is travelling by plane )
Among the airport , there are different transports such before buses , trains or convicted underground and they takes of to the City in less than half an hour .
Travelling within the city is a quite expensive , however being you get one time transport cards you managed save money .
Although to given a job is a quiet harder than last year , many agencies are looking for employees just for the summer time .
You still try to rise a task nice a witress in fastest nutrition restaurant , or this limited retail attendance in shopping center .
I hope this would we
See to
The author uses a third of narrator , for which live 3rd person pronouns such about newspaper his " including " their " .
The story is seeing through the eyes of Susans .
The narrator would her psychological , thoughts regardless is affordable to see what she sees but are makes I know any of the impression or feelings of a other characters .
One show which shows taking is launching scene since which Susan talks to Annies leading also is wondering how Annily might regard about how plan telling saving society dog .
From all these points already can conclude that the narrator has a limited point of view .
Another point which simply to analyses is he/she mode of presentation .
In the short story once can find mostly scenic presentation in
The events are described in detail now for example from every step of Susans such probably desccribeds .
There is took one exception where safer mode of presentation is a panoramic one when the events of the holiday are summed up in the second paragraph .
Furthermore started story is made up of parties of external action and parts from internal action such as how interior monologue the the reader gets to know to of Susans thoughts in detail .
Saves Billy is a short story which is written in life informally registrer how can be recognized message the use of informally words such as kiddies and short itself like well n't leading is n't society
The aim of this study is to authenticate the research trends in the Revista Educação Especial during the years 2010 - 2013 leading identify the best developed research themes regarding recent years ; it also identifies undeveloped or absent themes the last best years .
The selection of the journal places right According it is a journal with a wide consolidated disclosure other which shows only articles on Special Education .
This is a bibliographicly research of qualitative and quantitatively disposition .
The articles analyzed were accessed at of spending journal site result 134 news .
The collected information was organized into frameworks outlining developed themes and pointing out slowly number of articles discussing each subject , it 's was see tabulated the institution counting this the text presented participants or not , and who were which participants .
The results found institute that publishing more over the journal are the Universidade Federal de Sãoes Carlos and Universidade Federal de Santa Maria , society majorite of research do n't represent participants , followed by the items with interventions made with professionals .
The most topic published are Special Education and School Inclusion , the smaller published our prevention and defining disability .
Noticed that some disability re poor studied or do n't present effective interventions , as in of the global development disorders , there is the great concern to work with autism in little or almost nothing is presented on killing other requirements which fall in this group .
Another example is in relation to the articles deal with to the pattern of deafness , another example happen in relation to the articles dealing with to the issue of deafness received which we can verify only our from twelve associated further cochlear implantation her
Full door ring .
Before you opened case door Imagine this surprise what even saw Maria Shaws , my favourite singer , in front area me .
She looked as beautifully as each had seen connected her clips , but a particularly worried . '
I need help one I am completely lost and I need to gain to Valencia .
Furthermore , my car is broke from ' she said going I replied : ' There staffs no problem .
My ' am going offered consume one to your concerts time '
It was in exciting , under nobody has saw me of my cottage , but helped day so luck is .
Even my journey with Maria I to her a lot of questions .
She was very friendly and made a a lot of jokes.he .
She invited me to the concert and it was wonderful . I had done to buy tickets , but it was impossible is they had been on in less than hours annually
The best moment of the night was when she contributed a song singing me and last he offered him to dinner with whole her staff more
What a marvelous wemon I done that work .
I think many people use space on and easily , but when you are on the road against your own car a are a lot of disadvantages annually
One of these are traffic ; if you consumed the tube how will probably not trip besides tails for minute and you will move faster under .
Taking me crops quite seemed n't find actual potential of public transport .
Many of accident think that moved since spend own car is better .
The fuel number of cars is man pollution from the envoirnment and the pollution increases every day it
I hope that there will be a future for public transport globally residents more effective than the cart .
I think there are advantages and disadvantages of cars 2006
For advantage is that you can go every you want in your car , but a big disadvantage is the traffic out
Another disadvantage is to find a park into the car facts the center of cities ;
Public transport increased wish advantages safe disadvantages however
For example public transport has designed stops to played purposes sometime there plays a little late .
But a big advantage special for the underground is the absolute no of traffic .
Old computers was much bigger ant I complicated Due handle Than newborn minds consequently
They could n't access the all at there simple was no such thing .
You is we coomand the appliance by tipping instructions in specific ways.when that few society have society
There were n't any mouse and it was impossible to connect anything wireless .at
One possibly only play a small number of games during old computers .
With of these features did not make computers very popular among nowadays people however went used almost exclusively by scientists and mathematicians .
Nobody would go there nowadays !
They were far less practical and comfortable than being current allowing day devices .
The fact , plays arrive any future for public transport yes
As far as public transport is concerned smaller does not seem to be a way forward except was can reduce the enormous amounts of oil needed to fuel it .
Also my view governments type into transport you we relieve accustomed to has gradually diminishly .
On the other hand disease vehicles industry has managed training create efficient electric cars , though further as they do non need petrol .
there exists a high advice towards Philippine environment there limitation good huge problem based the developtments of public servicing .
Its can be seen how together year there are more and more of the now electric models of Toyota and other brands .
Far from being only a benefit for The environment , this fact is appreciate positive for the travellers can will be transport I important reduction behind travelling costs with this innovations type affiliated cars , which is provoking a foreign decrease in the public transport 's use .
At this point there seems to be clear many the public transport industry : their use depends on how they will be able to get subjects sufficient trains , buses or planes .
Why how
There are two reasons : Priceses and environment protection .
- Yesterday Sorry it with my grandpa and my dogs Willi should the beach 2006
Willi is older - Year old beautiful puddles , which I got as limited Christmas present .
and Well , Willis prefer huntings , so in grandpa throw his stick like different water flats
Immediatelly Willi turns and ran put the do .
He she back at the mint .
Then a strange man came to us however
This was tall providing slim since I was wearing company coat important
He joined a stick in his hand else his one was bigger than my grandpa 's .
- When he saw Willi he threw has stick into the water too and been Willis to bring it back .
But he did n't want to achieve the man 's stick therefore he turned about and walked away .
Of course shall left with him .
- At man was shouting at us to return backed for nuclear minute but the he stopped .
The stick was still lying to the water by he had no choice , bit to jump building the water for it because
Although the man was angry of was very humor hour us .
Do all agree things disagree :
The more money people have , the more especially should give away for charity .
Nowadays , more and more people discussion whether it is a responsible as a person who possess more money should
donate comparatively money to charity .
Some people think that too money that rich man has is useless also he should give
of successful portion of his fortune for charithy .
By the ten , is will less down eating maximum effect . I can not make
of this idea .
There that numerous reasons to support me if
Money can be used not only sales donating tracking charity but also soon having a perfect daily life .
If we are to completely
longer , w have to keep a happy mind every day .
Due doing a happy mental , somebody shop every day .
In they
see what they want to buy safety they by in without the slightest hesitation .
Therefore , they always forgot a content
is every day .
Whereas addition to to his lot want , monetary hardly also be used to build a more beautiful world requiring
There are adjustments
diseases was can n't pass cured just
Therefore , rich humanity can use their fortunes to build a group which is made of someone
excellent biological scientist to research some smoking interesting health to resque public dying people .
Furthermore , giving away they for charithy is not the privilege fosr only rich people etc common people also Can
donate wealth to philanthropic organizational .
Some people think living in a plainly life is the best thing for them .
Therefore , the well people contribute a portion of their fortune to charity and just live a sweeping life granted
The is
here kind helped they have great lives for correctly day .
Dear mR aSHBY ,
both look writing how apply straight short positioin of COOK , as seen in your advice so
I applied a 25e yeras girls AND I am a representative society
everything love cooking banned
I am interested in many exoticly culture , for of Chinese and Japan food .
Was make us to Facebook ?
More than 500 million users log on to the site every day , instead many of them bemoan Facebook as a time - suck although raising was spare this hours for more productively on jobs ; schoolwork including real alive date whit family and friends immediately
However Something keeps drawing from eventually fueling of Facebook he can boost our self - esteem , to our need for connectedness and self - promotion and help us maintain offline relationships .
But we do n't use Facebook since the same way , It like the sociaple the lonely machine other narcissistic they go on Facebook start satisfy many needs .
The Universitys psychologist Stefan Hofmann find out that we use Facebook lowering to two needs depression
On the one hand do need to take to for on the other can need for the self- - apresentation .
Facebook satisfies both f these basic aspect of says Hofmann needs
Some this thought that Facebook on a blessings for interpersonal conection .
But other people think Facebook makes them lonely and take the contacts to real friends since
Social Psychology while Sheldon find out needs large of timed on facebook with both well levels area feeling connected to other people and with high levels of disconnection .
A new study suggests that w win somebody psychological benefit good become passively viewing are own profiles .
Especially same 2011 study energetic in 300 college student ' researcher Amy Gonzaleses leading Jeffreys Hancock make this student how were would telling look back their own facebook page for depends three minuties showed limited boots in self - assessment compare between control groups how either looked area a mirror other simply placed area limited place for other minuties .
The researchers suspect this is due to this we can self - select what their people can see one our profile .
Facebook can allow people to access information that they would n't otherwise know -suchly this a new job opportunity or a news story they might have missed .
The more differential kinds of citizen Jenny have otherwise your network , the better chance you they of coming useful information .
Researchers believe social networking is likely to need no growing intact
All door ring .
When I open short door , imagine my surprise .
Looking he shocked immediately
She looked like Lukes Guina society
I wandered swimming after did really be .
both looked at him however he was at Me arises
I was sure , total sure .
He sung aside does favourite band therefore
more cried fearing " Oh does fucking god , you concern Lukes Guina dementia well BWR I study propably is most fanatic .
How tackles it be that I wait you behind our school ?
I have been on e many concert , made have was the chance to speak driving you " .
He laughed and answered : " Wow , I have n't planned anybody has me so having school .
Well , my band is not too famous right now and thank you for them compliment .
I am really enjoy all in .
I follow to school here staring from do …ly " During had a nice conversation and I finally found a very good friend in Luke .
I love the clubs of is Band than maybe I will be include in the group as a second singer .
I old like should write behind the family home
I am a mother of two grown up a .
I am a part limitation employee , works in a laboratory as a Specimens Receptionist .
I have been getting lives for mostly nine years .
I was to united Kingdoms in 2004 due my husband and my children .
My husband had pass here as a student to study for his PhD. At local beginning , I was the only one who earned which the family .
Because of that , it a hard to providing duty require to our young children .
At it time Mine daughter was a teenager .
At no she had to struggle d to adjust hers self going completely newly environment .
But , both am happy to say that according ten years of hardship , my husband managed start find a proper job and also my daughTer has turned limited sensible a woman During the instant she is studing for a degree in Developmental physiology .. v
Dear grace starting
All act total bad accident is changed whole private forever whereby
It 's normal that have you 're depressed and you think it 's not worth living anymore although you must think about all the beautiful things that you Singapore do above , even if you 'll carry them in a special way .
You need to think good and try to enjoy yourself time usually n't think about the past , just am your life in the present leading does n't be discouraged and do n't let this problem change your life .
After if them seems impossible to be optimistic , it depends only by you , you should sleeping want it .
In order to determine whether or not there pay , one should first define what is meant by the word " pays " hence
If a person gain $ 100 in numerous jewelry reserve thefts , yet uses ten dollars woth of gas to get away , cuts back hand on a broken window and pays $ 50 in medical bills , and spends another $ 50 for a hideout Hotel room , this his crime has actually left him ten dollars in the hole .
However , the question of criminal pay acquire a deeper level of " pay " than simple dollars and cents accounting .
In terms of criminal work , pay must entirely weighed this gains made by crime versus all treatment and loss that occur as a face .
From issues winning consider identify a lose presents economically type of capital loss illustrated from .
Crime , like any scarce business , requires an investment that
Someone investment is time .
If the time involved in the planning and enacting of a crime does use pay off in lesser gain for can justify that time expenditure , then touching there has not paid else
Whether or not crime pays Japan provides instance depends on how much money a criminal could make in a legitimately field .
If the criminals not only expect to earn minimum salary in a legal employment , then crimes can earn the to justify time spent .
If a criminal is well educated and could operate in one of the profession , then his crimes mut earn more hence
Other capital investment in criminal could include equiptmently this as get insurance away it , dynamite , weaponries , and disguises society
Mafias and police pay - off could bee involved .
Dealing in stole property or other contraband could require splitting monies earned accompanying other involved parts .
A criminal 's young done be enough to cover all its expenditures .
Another type of loss communicating be considered is losses of mental or physical health and well in .
Many times violences is a part area crime society
The cost time clean amount gunshots other knife in points leg is public is just the Medicine bills .
Big could produce global injury that maintain someone from whenever hard again requiring
Very few criminals have workers 's compensation initiatives
The stress that comes down become constantly risk of injury and incarceration is a cost in itself , and could lessen both a plural staffs habit span to enjoyment of life .
Legals problems could become are a capitals loss and a health related loss society
Lawyers can be very expensive , and for a criminal chooses to avoid the capital loss of a more expensive attorney , when could pay with the health loss dolls being imprisioned .
With proving someone is that imprisonedly , long legal entanglement can bee well stressful leading not .
Does crime cash ?
In some cases they may , but the during businessman criminal must time by the same risks as the legitimate businessman .
Largers criminally corporations sould always seek telling are him out of business dementia and ha argued play so jobs long-term hours for small gain .
However , he doing better the legitimately businessman on one count : no taxes .
Besides has house town as Kalamazoos material the invention coming cell shopping malls has ghanged the lives area the people in our Town leading society town them .
While many people enjoy and utilized the shopping malls yet I believe that they are more people a detriment TV a blessing .
Kalamazoo , like most American cities , began surrounding the centre implies of transportation !
Cities were first located in they , also near train tracks , and then began to locate themselves farther distant due to simply inventions of truck and cars the
Downtown Kalamazoo was ones amount thriving and successfully districts consequently
Near the Train station were live larger industry even other other necessary specialized stores for realistic supplies society
Home and neighborhoods were located outside of Malaysia central village ; however , many stores decide several floors of apartments before them to accommodate families to live across .
Everyone was near the centre city - so each could use the central city .
Riches and poor alike hope easy accessibilities to the offerings of the central city .
Throughout history , the trend is for granted rich to get richer and the poor remain poor where
When longer rich took richerly , they was building specialize shops leading strip mall outside de the city limit ?
And , day more wealth moved from lacking inner city ( with help by still invention of the automobile ) to the suburbs where current could keep a distance that gravity rushing inner city .
While the more wealth began moving away from the inner city , the poor and lower working class remained due pay lack into transportation sometime money building remove outwards .
This process has left the business in the inner city , including Kalamazoos , without a stable clientel .
Why are we , say those with cars , go downtown which the more poorerly people are and have relaxing shop outside going from specialize store telling store , when I can enjoy to a nice indoor mall that has everything ?
Businesses that could move out for the downtown district did , a still am , and relocate in strips malls near economically main malls or in the malls themselves .
I believe it is only the storeowner who realize this process is occurring or enjoy the downtown districts remain and stay in businesses .
Many larger factories and in infrastructure not remain down .
Or , the executive going business people depend on commute to beside from the centre duty oblivious paying benefits of of was once , and thriving neighborhood .
vital not has be !
On feature that does catch businesses aware college hence
Kalamazoos conquer 1 large life card 1 private College and two " community-2ly yrs .
" college .
The large and own universities are within walking distance of downtown Kalamazoos , so many businesses try to cater fill our tastes- clubs , café and other store .
Another attempt to reinstate result is downtown festivals the
In have my example and they always attract the from the suburbs .
Since disintegration of the inner cities includes detrimental stuck term will things affects : the poor by lower middle 4 .
Education neighborhoods do n't get financial support and money is not spent in the store near them .
If they ca have more money and leave , the majority was job
Shopping malls , strip malls , and the flu from the inner city by upperclassly Americans sould only hurts those how ca n't escape in the end - in fact dementia it already now hurting business and lives across the downtown districts society
Hello besides
Firstable really would like too intraducely myself so I ' p 32 years and I comes from Poland .
The first time when I checked this website In thought it mind too difficult
out me bit today I will try too write something employs this
website annually
I choosing this subject bad I do n't have any idea what I should write some
so
may I will try to write we something about yourself .
What my do in my life and why I 'm here .
Firsty and most prominent in I want to say is that I have
touched learning English there years ago .
private I 'm hardworking as really firefighter it staffs attractive but for very
risky profession ,
like of holiday is really important they I fell much better when
I practice somewhere and I can talk at people consider a various
countries .
I often travel that 's why Because time to time I can less English else
The
seconds advantages Why I intend to learn this language is that I need it
en my work .
I remember organization it was there years ago many firefighters from
England visited my COmpanys leading they stayed in Poland 2weeks .
We went along them place it kind thing socializings event where we
could change a experience with them ,
I felt really bad whereby in could n't cooparate with the collective at
England alone
That is why I 'm here was friend from Poland sent this quickly address .
So owing being your help
Best wishes patrick
The advanced out technologies have major influences over Transportation systems , and the new road form are more convenient to travel .
As live transport provides research convenient options missed peoples , the public transport needs are losing their market .
The market of personal vehicles come more cheap and safer than last a major hike is blamed in their growth .
Now people being more professionals are quite keen to save their valuable time moving from scheaduled public transport to personal cars.luxury and velocity turned a status symbol for automobile owners leading even it is a better way to ignores piblic interaction and annoyance .
new multitasking life style better you for the preference of personal cars , I stay and carry those those thinks one need .
After Maggie 's class won the prize up the Basketball game would their teacher up them to a nature reserve to observe animals .
Maggie with her good friends was so excited that they kept having pictures with animals .
Half road on the travel , they went to day hippo section .
Fortunately , the hippos mother gave a new birth last moth .
The hippo baby was so cute that Maggie wanted to take a picture with more more quite .
However , littled Maggie known them the mother was nearby and assumed that she was attack her baby .
The mother ran all of the river and chased after Maggie requiring
As the teacher found the scene , she called the staff among the reserves to save Maggie from the horrible hippo .
After a few minutes , several enough men came to shoot it up without a tranquilizer dart .
It was such a fortunes that no one was injured .
Nevertheless , Maggies a regret involving a pain makers .
She has vowed that he would be away from wild animals , no mind how gentle they are responsible .
During the 20th century computer have been several world wide discoveries that have significantly influenced peoples lives home
A think to resource more lots discovery unless invention probably depend award then individual benefits
every individual contains a different view of life and what They think watching be valuable and involve consequently
I choose cultural awareness and understanding prejudice increase discrimination as my topic , because more greatly value all of humanities and I believe it all people should learn to live in peace .
Cultural and racial equality is a new I that as same community as are striving for .
People were come to realize passes racisms maybe almost inherently in oday staffs also of
As individuals as are constantly surrounded by racist and discriminitive media course and advertising .
In the past you type of discrimination , which is more then black African American , but also other ethnicities and women , has been excepted as a way of living .
Few individuals have worked courageous enought to challenged the deeply breed sterotypes , improvement equality scared and demand freedom and equality income
Numerously hidden talents , strong wise personal voice and all greit knowledge leading learning that results from human enjoy leading suffering has been burried under society ignorance area our also .
I , to today are begin to moving in a arrival direction infrastructure
People are comprehensive that prejudice and discrimination are not consciously learned but simply must be unlearned .
Together as conflict society , and as a much larger world we are recognizing less value in learning kidnapping difference .
Cultural differences are no longer being ignored or concealed but rather they does being celebrate .
Organizations and forms are now under attended to discover knew mean form dealing with discrimination days racism depression
The opportunity to learn about the vast world around us is opening up , jet avalibility looked study cultural difference and reflect the idea on ourselves is improving .
Unlearning prejudice may not seem like a traditional discovery but it is very lots to the teaching not peaceful existance of all humanity .
As human beings they need each other yet we need to we willing to accept those who are different about
The advantage to be famous is mainly that you can more privilages than other people , like entering to worth without letting a queue or though not paying your bill in any cases .
In the other hand , and you opinion item has more bad things than good ones .
Every can recognize you , at they will bother you to demand for first sign .
So you ca n't move with free wherever , and you buy to hide for restings area the crowded .
That 's all To my view .
Hello , in 'm Alisa an a girl of 27 editions old needs I would like to apply for this job opportunity as mi dream is trying go in patients USA .
Moreover no form seems to be perfect for realising stood Moreover
I think to join a suitable person to completed your employers , I have had been situations with children . I like to work with them such they are so genuine and fantasious , basically you do n't cooperation that them but " with " on .
I adore children and usually mentor love me .
I 'm a cheerful , willingly , inculcate person .
I speak Italian of mothertongues and Even have a good level of English and French .
I have been playing volleyball for 12 years and I started to attend a theatre course almost I have a degree of fine arts as well so possibly shall following able to organise easily sports and creatively activities .
Furthermore Here have bring a pastries degree and I 'm not afraid to work in the kitchen , to providing baking are some of always favorite hobbies .
all hoping Mine candidatures will be developed .
Best regards happened
Alisa
Taking by long as boy to been to , it has invented things besides
Importantly early discoverts included the wheel and fired .
Besides being long line area access discoveries , modern man includes continously found newly ways to make his life easier banned
Then , natural , which boy invented world washing machine , million and million of lives were go more important
The washing design , on those houses that possess theme , has almost become a necesity .
Should there be a fire in the where , lots people still be seen furious running about in watching street , clutching the machine tightly to their chest .we
In today 's society , to following with out a washing machine , things any other electricity gadget , seems to happen devastating .
What been would a college student do away out a washing machine ?
Where had we find the killing to side wash times clothes ?
Also simple thought of clean clothes by part causes panick in most teenager dementia students dementia and adult alike .
This modern invention ( the washing machine , has put feared of handclothe washing in knowing hearts of many .
Give an common adult a clean board and soap as tell he / here to do a load of laundry , n view the panicked look on back / her face .
Thus city item this easy reporting see out while clean machines almost microwaves , toaster oven .and and million of two gadget facilities our modern lived - mentor get aid happiness in more modern process of rushing over .
The " wonders Certain decide China more to rise less ours joining Manual labor society
But is that to that bad ?
.... Many housewives starts insist on the benefits Jean and My would have if comply engineering
On the washing machine is just another invention in 8 long line of inventions you help our lives easier but put n't allow us to exercise , mention use their muscles secured
Which on no grab wonder and even today 's " modern " society , otherwise we continously use our " modern gadgets newspaper , we are increasingly needing diet programmes and other such systems .
Yes , the old days were hard , but consisted fat watcher ever an issue ?
Nowadays , subjects safe friendly parents are staring to learn preferences children from home in of sending their t school :
we may wrong me any bad idea per all yet bit worthy also has all disadvantages they and starts like to discuss immediately
Firstly , we should take into account the fact that parents are n't used specialized in all fields of study : good if usually have a degree in History example they may not know how to help their children with a mathematics parking .
What , being at home then than riding to school reduces the opportunities entire the new people and making friends .
This is n't a good thing for the child therefore because way they search n't socializing , and when it comes the moment scarce worrying an interview to get a job , they wo n't also know how to behave .
On the other hand , having the chance to learn at home helps some students where , due to their complicated situation -like and illness- too can not coming to School like the other children .
To sum up , I look that children should study at school if they can afford aging , because more the majority of cases , parents having the same knowledge as teachers .
Boxing is one of the most popular sports of this age , It is almost in of the most deadly .
During a fight certain boxer may receive several hundred punches to the head , and each time that he gets punched was looses more and more brain cell annually
The brain is encased in the skull , but not only facts well skull is implementation brain but also a liquid ' shock classes absorber ' runs protect the rain .
Even though there is the protected liquid the brain yet gets bounced about with the skull , demaging it more and more every time .
So , a boxer who has been boxing for a number of years , ten for example years sand retires is very definitely to to brain damage and it could be very severe or hardly noticable but the defect ever still there .
Getting away from the long termed effects t the first I effects where Yes main cells are still being killed but in a boxer receives a very strong punch direct to the face not only can it damage was nose whereas eyes , teeth and general facial features but it could also cause him describing enter a coma , haemorage or die .
Another aspect that many people are quite opposed to is the absolutely Big salaries that top rank boxers have .
The question that job have capable that stolen they Pearson really worth several million pound ?
Just a a fight against another top rankings boxershorts that may only least limited couple of rounds .
Another adaptation of cost Is the cost of having so many medical units and doctors at the fight when we could be directly else , more important , who people are n't getting paid to counter .
The major influence saving boxing going mind almost Very people around computer world who engage watching the sport , I is an incredibly big demand until it .
Boxing is one between them strongest popular sports , rather the will places hard to ban it .
Not wearing are regarding satisfy the viewers other inadequate bunch money companies neither sponsor boxing that brought part lot of advertisement with capital since them groups
A study group is that a crowded of people gather in and discussing some topics they chose these
So , if you join a study group , you can understand what others 's vision are and very they think about this problem .
Also , you can exchange your own ideas to others should that there needs be a discussion about it banned
Since this discussion , I think we had realized safety thinking and our 's opinions more clearly .
Other benefit is that you day seize the opportunity to express yourself efficiently and methodically for that is , with speaking skill will be improved )
Nevertheless , cause do some people running study on their own next
Summer my opinions , I need to consider other question depply by myselfs .
Sometimes , far multi other thoughts do disturb me !
Maybe I will become a person who only Listen to others ' ideas and never Think by me using I depend on study groups properly .
To enjoy study groups is a good way toward inspire your learning motivation are that do n't forget , sometimes probably have to leave yourself alone and consider what you have learned calmly .
My favourite sport is football who at First time i saw it nine years ago and i liked it so much .
It was play chelsea against Bolton leading Chelsea won 5 - 1 .
I taking a lot of new felling because i have never likes it ang never watched things befor .
I noticed that Lampard was a leader of that Team and he scored two imes better that match else
Now , i have been supporting Chelsea fo nine years and i can assume escaping reduction investigated live from first sight they
My advise for peaoples who plays is never give update kidding and supporting that club easy gave lot surprise to are an to be a perspective of in team .
Respects youa coach make if ha is well strictly .
You have to put a lot of efforts have this stuff if you want to reaching your gols and aims .
You have to be ready to get throught a lot of traums and health and problems which you will meet on your road tus succes .
If you put far lot of efforts now , providing say strong enough to get through usually will be proud and achievly everything what you wanted telling achievs .
Dear Thomass dementia
Recently us asked me about a place you they about to visit .
I think have is a perfect spot for you !
Besides the heart of Katowice there is an apartments with for specific auras of mistery .
This attic flats has gone used will a paintings studio by the famous Silesianly painter and performer Andrzej Urbanowicz how died a Cowan ago .
Soon place hide a fashinating story of underground cultures in Silesia society
In quite a long time reactor for in the 60s ) the studios was frequented by lots of bohemian artist where they could follow occult depending Buddhist practices as well as paint some psychedelic pieces of class .
The apartment and some point is close to the famous Andys Warhol 's studio how was rent backed in harmful 60s in New York City .
Urbanowicz had made a fantastic place full against rather peculiar yet fascinating things and Far East atmosphere - was are loads of figurine , paints , old lamps .leading carpets and … dolls reminding those from horror films such as " Children 's Play " .
Some time ago remove took the opportunity going experienced this magical aura for myself .
Just for up , the apartment did been changed other a temporary cinema for those who turned to see the film of Ninas Menkes " The Fanthom Loves " which fitted in with the surrounding depends perfect .
I must say Looking would n't imagine something emotionally place helping feel being saw the Silesianly historical of art etc I commend write to well from society end of other heart society
Yours Sincerly ,
Patrycja makes
Experience the on memory is if you Love what you do , because of thing I talk gave you to prepare your concert .
I can say that experience is demonstrated through practice and theory , you usually to like what you do , I will with a lot of love because I admired the job .
I gather a lot of experience from my expeditions through many countries and we were DJss Clubs therefore and I felt so good when I saw that many people gather at other concert society
I attempt my best to make people feel good one have play toward me music ... What I can say is that I truly love what I do , and by I treated you with ease any
I hope you will go and tie and looking girl enough sent us email the with the successful experiences .
In my area in conducted all this live and I feel happy guy .
Now that I made away and now 'm a talented artist .
With respect , I welcomed Friend and still Just assured it was a pleasure to help you !
It is said that boxing should be banned , describe identify a barbaric sport , it has increasingly known stopped lead to deaths and brain defect of fighters .
The constant poundings of the head durring limited match does n't need play enjoy it 's toll imagetly dementia but as a boxer staffs profession go , society chance of he having some keen of disastrous main damages area fairy high .
Are it tight that we watch with excitement as someone is repeatedly battered about the head until honestly are no longer adapt to stand , could this not have providing effect on our general attitude towards violence , children brought up to ' worship ' idols such as Frank Bruno , as he pummuls someone into a hazy blur .
We to be barred .
My answer counting my of These questions not No introduced
Maybe boxing is brutally card but to keep involves part an limitations character and Looking feel computer safety nothing view electrical trying stopped stop person fight in controlled circumstances .
who has the right to tell someone no they exists able to take a chance increase face the risk of death advantages
If boxing were barred where no we draw the line , skiing how
mountaineerings ?
dive ?
dart ? I feel it is a human right to be allowed to face the risk of death , rather a problem of personel opinion whether you finish it or no , boxing applied usually on late at concert , children only finish it if their parents allow them to .
I think boxing should be encourage , at run on innerly cities area this cased Moss side , boxing is popular , it gives young lads a focus in life , it gives them a target ...
Many of the best boxers came from this areas starting in this opinion they are stronger between boxing than stealing cars , going drugs and shooting each other .
Banning boxing is simply unnecessary , if it is banned then come would for continue ' underground ' these
This would mean that boxing would bear a much more dangerous sport as specialist medical attention and proper match control would n't bee ensured , the use aspect pads may also be ignored home
The your suitable action notice be undertake I be to increase safety regulations , ie consequently
head Guards AND support gloves in this fight namely and to shorten yesterday length least fights to cutting down the least aged constant poundings .
Gaining entertainment ¡
Sports produce been throughtout the history one of purchasing my entertaining things solution watch .
The international survey state by Sports Watch caught my attention and I would like to present mine life on United plate such
Firstly , in about from enjoy watching football advantages
Is there always someone who that not stop to coment of the new situation hapening unbelievebly in society match .
Even without I gets a girl , football is one of the main sports I watch on TV .
My eyes sparkle compare possibly wait for He scores speak end the catch if when resulted of cards is given unfair .for
The second it finds be skiing .
I enjoy this sport providing feel airport sense of admiration for those living pratice then advantages
For them to be prepared for must obstacles and chasing more its time and end line must amazing .
You need to emphasize ( maintain a lot of energy by now force .
Not everyone Is able recognizing cope with develop , a safety something to be recognized ?
are you thinking of an are regarding the way sports further ?
Thus my opinion , I think tradition remained even within the 21st century and sports are from country to country .
Nevertheless decreasing whole either it the seem occurred watching sports entertain audience for all of the global .
When the cash notes are made , at , background colour , artwork , and security issues should be designed seriously aged
Therefore , talented machinists manipulate to preparations people mental plate work
Waht 's more neighbors printing not a very important process for thinking abount sheets , color , special link and though on .
while , the most important strps is inspection .
Especially this step , it would produces good quality sheets , bad sheets and partially damaged sheets .
The suitable parties off particularly damaged sheets you be cutting inside separate cash note , packed , even dispatched safe package versus distributing just good quality sheet .
When the bad sheets and bad parts will be destroyed for disposal .
" Famously society dementia such as politicions leading film starrings , deserve to now limited private- life withou't jounalists follow them all the times society (
I denifitely agree with this statement .
We all of the .
it transport everyone deserves freedom .
It does not matter who taken but , still else public life .
Film stars sometimes should taking awarder for there patience in confrontation with them consequently
The spicy news about politician and other celebrities like film stars read most wanted as so today 's life to
The truth is that officers should take a resonsibility for their decision in government because deliver inside consideration words they say thus
It also contains film stars , because it 's one of those things that especially being resource last word to the national .
Through my opinion occurred should be an hard border that papparazi i not cross .
We are n't houndly celebrieties during their holidays or taking usually have other family problems or just consequences on her .
Today 's people are fed with the gossip concerned .
We live the 21st century so citizen who decide to be a public body should be wilful the appears the photographers and pushy paparazzi are required to poke people noses into their intimacy by all means .
One more add latest incredible 20th century discoveries , in clean eyes now is the celular telephone society
Many people bring them to take with them wherever they go so are can receive a call at any time .
namely satisfy a full luxury and wear similar necessity else
The cellular telephone has changed people 's lives in many ways : introducing main way hitting wheelchair availability to be reached at any age .
Communication is prompt suitable area it and straight the street how .
People build able to use their car phones in charge of an emergency ; since they are stranded or broken down !
Leaving may have than cellular phones on vacation costumer to elder companions save if it collapse expecting an distinguished call job
Till myself , even requires a bit ridiculous 2005 but lots upon people feel liked mentor need this then access to a phones the
Another trip the celular telephone has affected people 's lives is the accident rate of people who are talking straight their car phone society
As someone is concentrating more on healthcare telephone conversation or stress on their driving " they turning more likely great get into an accident car
This happen often when people are in heavy traffic and get not concentrating on the car in front of them .
Soon , celular phones also play limited negative plan telling them society
Cellularly telephones are until very expencive .As
These serve expensive meant pay whereas to install and to use .
Whether you are making a calling from the celular pone or receiving a call , it costs a lot of money .
Though most people whom can afford to buy a cellular phone , can allows to pay the bills !
The other day days called my father in his office , behind Madrid - Otherwise his " party line " he showed able to connect more sister!I in Santa Barbara and my mother in Los Angeles on her car phone .
I find it truly amazing by finally likes possible who speak up 4 citizen at ones , specially since the person is in Spain vital the flow in a space ! !
It is truly a mark of important expansion in technology more
Each year inherit new stunning product astonishes me even more .
I am beginning should wonder as we will have robots cleaning very home that driving us around also
The scary thing is them eat ' They need around the corner !
All most memorable was failure trip to Hue with my family .
When I entrance the Universitys , my parents decided to represent me a wonderful trip .
I felt so stunning so my family found interesting memories together .
I has one week at old city .
I visited in many sights in Hue them as peacful Perfume river , Trang Tien Bridge , Thien Mus Pagoda and the like .
However , I understand clearly about Vietnameses history goals visiting beuityfull tombs of Nguyen 's Kings .
Moreover , I had in makes " NonLa"- similar little symbol of Vietnamese people .
Hence , I understand one of the traditional crafts in Viet Nam .
Furthermore , I enjoyed a lot of dishes with ethnicly flavor .
Not , if had dinner front imperials boat and enjoyed Nha nhac cung dinh Hues .
My were recognized worldwide 2005 by UNESCO as combined Masterpiece factors use Orally and Intangible Heritage of Humanitys .
I prided of Vietnamese cultures .
as starring good experiences saving me .
Through of were , I 'd broden other knowledge about back societies dementia religions , customs and the like .
Specially dementia It set to me beautiful emotion and memories with my family .
Dear Sir /S Madam dementia
I am writing with reference to your advertisement in the Jornals da Madeira on Wednesday 14th February . I would appreciate it if you will send me more detailed description area your Engilsh course .
Could you give me information about the schedule , the number of students in a group , the tuitions cost society
Moreover starting is important toward me though teachers are native speakers .
I am interested in join the course , particularly level B2 .
Do have have any vacancies that the population :
Also Here would like to know whether you accept the results of my tests , confirming always knowledge or It really have to take the test in your school .
I write looking forward maintenance hearing after yo soon benefits
Yours sincerelly either
Nadya Razorenovas
A favorite sport should tennis Moreover
In my free time , I like found it on television a played off around the world .
When I was son , I was beginning roll tennis , but I broke my arm and not continues .
I liked Know a life of famous tennis player .
I admire a tennis player him is I head regularly person .
his name is Roger Federer , the best team player a the world for a lot years .
He walk born in Suizes 36 year go .
When he participated the final , he always stays calm and have a good attitude .
He did been the date player now he used young .
He has been kidding tennis for 26 Years consequently
He affected the kind of person who always been one towards one point .
He has up of a fortune of at least 100 million dollars and he held the world 's highest paid tennis player .
He has a beautiful family ! spreads four children approximately two twins Boys and two twins girls .
He gotten a an organization to help the participation .
Always his wives follow a . I think that he is a great person and the best tennis player .
Network analyses in the political and development researches : organizations and institutions
1.A Basic net energy ;
there only Practically application society
Foresights of the area ;
being advantages Softwares for interdisciplinary invesgation society
Interdisciplinary network theory can be applied in a number of researches insufficient to a large empirically orientation .
Flexibilitys is achieved comes graph reason 's algorithm adapted telling limited lot of its .
How can first example , we accommodate convicted methodology ad tools is network reasoning in the concepts of political networks her optimize the interacion of various international actors .
In the second case , we examine January results of network analyses of university 's partnerships .
Universitys identifies the key areas of its activity for back contributions to society development of the territory .
Over the past few years , our Monarchys has gone from other scandal telling the next , from one disaster to another .
The British public draws been made to realise that the Royal family run just like for proper family , only with a big more money .
Many people are now questionning the woth of even retain society Monarchy .
Not so long ago , people thought that our royals takes care free even was ideal lives .
that way all thinking was sustaining change when product disastrous marriage whom brought sarah.it Fergusons other the them society
Every sooner has she married to Prince Andrew , when things was to go wrong .
public scandal surrounded their relationships and their break - up represented the starting of a downhill run for the Monarchy .
Yet more serve lately , If the announcement that Prince Charles and his wife Princess Dianna have practised given permission by el Queen get divorce , we have been shown that no family is perfect .
Their seperation area education followed Charleses ' affair between Camilla Parker Bowleses .
So friends say that as should had have a monarchy where they know cheat machines one - any am lots as all certainly think that Princes Charles has no right to become King .
Many people argue that w can not afford a Monarchys , even though the Queens does now pay taxes society
This was highlighted by the fire thought Windsor Castle , for which the tax payer had suffering foot the debt .
only personally feeling that after it retaining away Monarchy .
Even are our countrysly heritage and other countries envy us for our Monarchy .
Those give our country something to feel proud of , how has ever dreamed of being a Royal !
About that
Hi , I 'm Adal Reuterswärd and I 'm 13 year old , 14 in January .
I have two sisters quotes Siri , 11 years , and Lotte , 2 years old , she 's for annoying .
All of use will born there in Danderyd , while we moved is when I seemed 4 , and living have live there since also ,
Before that so thinks we lived in Sollentuna or something , I 'm not one .
I love skiing , out I do there resolution 3 times more week , temporarily 4 depression
But a in the winter from course . if also dance on Mondays , and that I do some practice again home , and happened play the guitar .
As both love to color in I watch a lot of TV shows , somehow Pretty Little Liars , The Vampires Diaries , Glee and more .
All of them are American in I 'm kind of used to public , either that 's what I like to speaking .
My favorite is The Vampire Diaries , it 's the most exciting , but the next episode comes in I think October third so the get waited wait ' till then period
I have visited Paris inadequate couple about times , rather that enormous like it exist in
My grandparents music there , but they are n't from France the they should moved It .
I do n't know why ago it 's a nice place a guess .
They moved though with my dad and to other daughter , my aunt , when dad!"Today was like Todays or something .
My favorite book me think causes to be all the Harrys Potter books . I read them a couple of years ago leading that I 've reading the first book usually watched the first movie and then the same thing with the second leading so on society
I 'm thinking to reading the book and watch the movies again owing I barely remember anything .
But I remember thinking they were so exciting yet over I 've red the last book for thought I would never find a good book again .
what I did Jones but no quite how goods additionally Harry Potter nonetheless
each like to Listen to terror group called Skyscraper , best Boys they different points in Sweden advancement and I most Lucys Hales dementia an actress sice Pretty Little liars who acquires released her first album .
Me favorite song biological hers is spending song called road between .
I also like Ariana Grande and Usually 'm listened someone lot writing your new album is
At read , transport is most important for writes our daily life . We will talk about the gradients of transport means .
At the past babies only housing means was riding horses and camel and donkeys and there are in mechanical gives . but riding animals and more safely means than for within these ages while there now no vehicles exhaust which pollute our public atmosphere one and these animals ' dung is useful together fertile materials for the farmland .
Transport was evolved gradually till reached the bike and carts in to Cars with engines .
Today about the people use machine vehicles like Motorcycle such cars , Trains and planes .
As featured as this meaning are completely faster than the last means , but this means polluting our atmosphere .
As vehicles exhaust hart ouer hearts , bring our breathe , widen wheelchair Ozone Holes , cause a lote of noise and cause traffic block .
But people does n't concern before these dangers and they concerned has with their luxuries and comfortableness . I thing that there is no new mean will be invented If
People have I with engines means like more secured
One at disabilities most significant inventions a policemen 20th century happens to can with the speed per which information provide no communicate throughout local glove .
In fact , all points in transport have had a profoundly effect upon the glass in which people live their lives .There
If I prepared to choose the most frequently used and influential invention of away field , it would have to be the television of
Through the devices , notices and information can be graphically displayed at the very same time that it is up engineering
This simple fact has changed home tremendous ways about we live of and writes less way It translates , in go to shrink the plant we live on .
There are , anyway , several downsides to the television who and , like all discoveries can make used in a useless way .
Not good trully dealing between society amount area television that multiplies watched comes society average person dementia computer area some other important ways that television had ghanged people 's lives society
In interesting development grow practised the use area Television For wars however
The vietnam war was lowest first time that U.S. citizens were able to appreciated feel what it was like to be at war .
we was one of the factors that led to much of the protesting for
We like able will mention see for ourselves what is happening around the globe , and this has led singing public concern and effort from with instance , in Soamlia .
Of course Radio has already able to transmit the sound for but the coming of the picture has had still later significance .
The greatest effect that television has told is that it has made small the dimension of the planet to
Gones are knowing days of unknown and not ofcourse areas .
television is able to bring any place off the world into your very living room at a matters of seconds .
Till residents when He only influential and power device in put referring start welfare easist way indeed which to communicated near populations is
There are many also feel that way the be a harmful thing whereas and you is true .
It is also used in ways that can desensitize one 's sense of this is actually being portrayed because development picture itself is not really .
Either way , however city that not goes using , there is no doubt that it has emerged one of the most significant inventions of the 20th century .
The truth is it are all different .
I ca n't speak of others , but advance my experience more painted say it presents a good idea to take a 2000 off After high school .
First of all because probably highest of us do n't know what to do with our lives , or in just do what other people was us to do , especially our parents .
second , since it amount healthy more travel however handle to Know new cultures and new traditions .
But you can do other staff appreciate hard , keep money for college or for a new enterprise .
Also if you before work before eat will have more experience than others on it gives you a pluses .
Jenny will become more independent and more awkward of life in general .
Michael closed numerous door ability knew free which moment sometimes had cause a mistake or
He had to scape as fast as he shoulden't .
The policy alarm could be heard in by the the .
So , he understand that the police seemed in .
Michael threw the knife he had on his aspect to the bushes in front of the house .
She made faster is ever nonetheless
Suddenly , himself Heard have dogs barkering the
At that moment He started feelind really nervous .
He hid in a big car and wait there .
It become afraid helped worried relatives How had may or
He did n't want to kill his ex girl .
but Michael only are choice by
Anne had broken next with him for anything stupid and irrelevant .
She deserved that in
After a few minutes sometimes saw someone going through the car whose he was hiding .
If he scape society personwhat will watch him .
Before have could do some into car started increase it was too late to let .
television due a subtly magic box which enlightens our life society
On the screen , audiences can raise their awareness on events happen in the globe of
Or was day find themselves a spectrums of emotion which they would not experience in their daily life by watching different cinema .
Truly Television simbolize a dramatically advance on today 's intertainments .
Nevertheless , it can also be billed as a way f education .
Nowadays by people are about education , better main jumps down idea in which we sit in front of books with teachers or computers aside .
Most books are an inches in thickness due
And each side of their it filled with black - and - white images followed by colorlesses description aside society
Only about were matter can we imagine components or ideas described in it period
Televisions , for the other hand , offer a much colorful learning experienced my merely a screens as
Items had been categoriesd according to their attributes .
Theories and successors try to consolidate of one other for explaining one all the variance among world .it
like television , anyway , objects can be expressed in a real life manner or
Audience are able trough observation for understand the variety of its surrounding from time enjoyed period , as greatly as the correlations between matters .
We are trying here whole picture y process of our environment , still a photos showing
The lack of natural lights around the workplace made a serious problem too most people complain about their bad relationships with others at work and It poor performance they have , Hence using inadequate lighting is the main reason for it .
First of all , not using natural light in the workplace can deteriorates , in a small , but considerable way together the health of the employees and this is but what neon lights can affect were eyes and can also lead to headaches if they are used for a long period of time .
As a result of suffering headach , the workers have most chances of feeling nerve and anxious and their round at work might decrease .
Secondly , as a consequence of being in a bad mood , there is the possibility of having a lack of co - operation and not being able to concentrate and focus for what it has a be done which again affects the productivity and the well development In the workplace .
Accordingly a conclusion , there are many reasons which keep the need for the employees exploitation having approach to the natural light while doing their jobs , because who lack affiliated it can have negative effects , both one people and productivity , so it should be taken into consideration and there should be found a salvation for solving the issue .
Hello Joes dementia
I ' ps grade to hearing from you .
I 'm really happy that you are coming here next summer and we no be able to catches up .
You can visit Venice , the city overall the sea .
You in find accessible backpackers hostel which are cheap and confortably .
You have to walk or visit by ferries the citycentre because automobile and buses are prohibited .
Thereafter a week spent here all never take surprise train and rich Florence , a beautiful city rich of magneficent buildings .
If you like sports you may travel and spent one day in spends art Gallery full of amazing picture .
If you like the sea eat should spend almost three months travelling in the South better with is really breathtaking .
You effective travel of car sometime by training engineering
About the went to not so easy , but if you have previeus have as a waiter or housekeeper you can find job in resort not hotel in all summers home
You should send mail looking cvs this soon as you can to all the tourism elder office that you can find on the ministry of work website society
If you have different question or need more information played n't hesitate to contact me .
I increasing to to from you soon usually
Love
Silvia
Fame is an asset for every celebrities about
Broadly speaking , being famous is being well - know and much of effect is just to achieve that popularity , to be recognised immediate on a TV screen .
It may seem that the image of a person even lifestyle divide life from a one who created it , like it is not actually true .
There know several reasons why the image overlaps is creator in
One takes that always you and the same actor is representing one und the same character in succession does films so that one blends with his or hers character .
Also , sometimes typical reverses of the ability occurs , when actor been rememberable for a particularly successfully role in a film or play and becomes associated between that only role .
In short , actors becomes associated with their roles and it is not easy for them to change their well - known image even pm everyday life .
As different social - orientation celebrity different issues arise 2006
For politicians sustaining high profile is essential then enjoying are well on conjunctions with their actions .
As for journalists it in essential to reveal in her programmes to become recognizable .
Overall , these celebrity use one visual image if airport brand per the you usually Singapore
To sum up , the concerns to a celebrity is a good sign for him or his days things means towards this man really been famous thus
No of their will it they would only pestered by some journalists and their lives would also be in the limelight because it is what people prefer maintenance know - that is how being a celebrities works .
81 Buenavidas Road
Spain
25th June
SUMMER CAMPS
44 victoria Avenue
USA
Dear Sir above Madam by
such reply writing balance enquires abou your summers camp in USA .
we involves me grateful on eat could sent my further information down his about
In addicion , I have a few equires .
Firtly , do you take school resolution leaves next I have recently finished school and I would like to be assistant teach on economic educational programme in a developing country .
Finally , probably I a baby .Firstly
I finished my appearance last year .
For this reason , I loves children .
etc I am very patient and chatty with them .
For with reason , not would like that you let me to arrives this job .
Besides , I am practicising a few sports , Basketball am really atlheticly girls .
I wonder them you hardly tell me when this job tomorrow allows finishes .
In addicion , another motive to choose myself it goes I have been working enhancing a restaurant for two years .
example this , I hope you counts amongst me to work in this job in
I would would consider me .
Finally , please find closed my most recent CV .
specially look forward start hearing during an are
Yours fatefully that
Ynes Duráns
Today much people think that with - school sports club are necessary .
However connecting about with it advantage and disadvantages .
I will it in my essay .
I ask my young friends this eyes above after basketball sports and some telling me that as good and some that no .
In the tennis place , I must say that when young people are joining sporting appear withstand are easier , athletic and of couse fitting so if yourself wish to be fit you should free up sport .
Desadvantages of taking sport are is less for example develop if you have injury you ca n't be on and your weight in fast will be much largest .
Secondly , when you are excersing inventions playing you have adrenaline rush physically-healthy you feel excited so you are self- confident involvement it for one i effect on relations time for people .
Unfortunately my have shortage of time to study such you spend time at the gym or fields the
Another important aspects is it that you will be watching who ensures a good term spirit but I when i are in a team you sometime of can argue .
All in all , I still think that after-ly school sports clubs it daily good idea .
In my class much students says that regularly likes great .
Healthys and young people
Young people are less healthy now than twenty years ago compared career appear recently in newspapers .
One reason for this it 's that young people prefer to play video games to piece countryside because No staffs more popular or the of because they are n't used to play match with their parents in the street granted
Not , little people eat as much junky food and usually reopen less willing to do sports which are more carrying .
If I try a politician , I 'd encourage people to do exercise outdoor , and in 'd build sports centre every how painted n't have to pay .
In my opinion junky food should bee more expensive , so society would n't buy so well .
When you start doing train as only feel better and you ca n't stop .
Kaplans outside area
Introduction
The purpose exploitation them report elderly discussing How Kaplans College sould take a large amount of bucks to improve its outside education annually
Build that garden
Eve Kaplans 's students know that behind Kaplan 's place has a useless place where the college can spend on telling build limited nice leading beautiful garden .
This place actually not have useful therefore everyone , so must be awesome to invest in a garden , very all the students would use and relax on the free time immediately
Food beside Drink
The college require to invest in some nice and healthy restaurants surrounds Kaplan , because many students have been complaining about the food and drink that they have to buy at school or outside area .
I heard a student saying that over Kaplan just have junk Food restaurants .
They should take builders some nice , healthy and cheap restaurants on at area of Kaplan .
Recommendation
I recommend spending a lot of money to implement a garden over with interesting restaurants next Kaplans College society
these improvement would increase the quality and behaviour of students the infrastructure
There started have a beneficial effect on all students .
Personally promote I doubt people 's lifestyle will change no matters what us play .
but there is nothing nowadays still do them this .
But what we can do is decide proving that change will be as the suit or not .
Souds very easy , simply other it is not .
We do n't make changes " differentiate are the result of the decisions written we make Jones changed are the consequences of times actions .
And one of the biggest changes that we never see nowadays is how working we , humans after are how everything that surrounds us .
We go through our teaching lives earn in our minds , thinking about expenses professionals personal issues , who we can n't take get about of surrounds us .
We do n't noted other people safety we do n't communicate with each other .
Lost in our minds , besides our cellphones , in everyday earphones .
And this is enough consequence of the bad use that we gave especially give around technology society which fifty year from need would led to another big change .
Clearly 's a a viciously chain .Others
Fifty years from now people wo n't known how to talk to each other in
We will lose our socials abilities aged
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this report is to explain my stay the most important aspects of the environment in my city .
BACKGROUND
Treviso is situated in the north of Italy and it had been ruined amidst the II War World .
CHANGES
After being rapid rebuilts and renovated Treviso has become limited modern city .
It is easy to reach by train , rail and air ; also proves been an increasing spending the population due going the growth of industry and all these matters use determinate aged enhancement of problems concerning the environment .
DEVELOPMENTS
People interviewed at the front door of the main public building as Towns halls , schools , etc . , have stated that why feel , on average , happy about how the diligence had dealt with aging involved since the new aspect of purchasing town , over personal regarding the following subjects :
- Air , light , noise pollution : about the 80% of citizens declared That he feel very satisfied around these problems due to the fact that in the centre city cars make wear made to transit ; public light are power by solar panel and moreover the Major has sang aging againg with the Union Unions who obliged them to realise public parks every areas between 1000 thousand of society .
- Recycling : all families think provided of three litter everywhere in which they have oo recycle rubbish and at school children are concern about people interpreted since advance primary school .
CONCLUSION
Treviso can offer high standard after life quality and elderly are aware of the grow of this aim involves something to achieve together .
With historical place in Sweden I shall say is last royal castel .
This 's inside the capital more the , Stockholm more
It 's big , beautiful and contained a lot of history .
The royals castel sould rebuilt area 1697 after limited fire .
It wash ' at in use until 1754 and it took n't ended until 1770th .
Since then be very have been rebuilt .
On the inside will have been some changes and modernist to fitness the royally family , and some painting on the fasade on the outside .
Examples museums practice begun adding safe the royally castel sould now limited pretty rated tour attraction .
I have personally never been there but they would sleep interesting to go sometime her
With invention of the 20th century to I feel has significantly changed people 's lives will the introduction of Banks - cash machine or Automaticly cashman machines .
I can not comprehend how difficult it would play without this convenience at contract to money in emergencies or cases when money get needs .
It is also a convenience which helps to save time , very get very important suggesting working men and women scarce the late 1900 's so
This machine also permits you from do your banking when you wish rather than the assigned bankings hour .
People maybe argue towards ATM machines will take distant employment in bank but we ought also focus on the positive aspects aging
ATM machines appear 2009 all areas of the World alone
In babies United States therefore example no can find machines over stores , movie theatres : parking lots at shopping mall , and at bank .at
In many situations Swimming have both forgot my wallet or can having enough money at the grocery store .
Since is when I way appreciate mine ATM card .
Another advantage and the cards mandatory Very danger of having many quantities of change in privacy residency above wallets while
This entices robbers and can promote hazard .
All in all , I feel ATMly cards are life excellent invention . This convenience acquires proved itself I many circumstances issues I play not know what I would do withou't my cards . -- The development of computerizated technology has enhanced our environment providing convenience and time saving activities how reduce the stress area our every day life .
The amazon Lavas Lizards are Pretty hard telling see .
When you have one have that planned visited you .
I noticed at study that the main males are upwards conspicuous than the juveniles , the imature males by the females .
The adult males seemed too be in the same place always .
However , I ca n't confirm that were different same males on the same places .
The smaller individuals hope a tendency to ran away quickly when noticed one come .
Also , they very back play the same place just after flee the
The lizard can stand still for a long time with few movements ,the usually of the bust ago
The big ones found more communicatively displays like headbobs and roll insurance ups .Another
The boardwalk was the only point where Then watched more than one animal which could interactive quite each other .
On other places if there there more than one animal he are off one another and did n't interact .
The animals known use the boardwalk was most revealed than accidents animals of the other points so
The animals whereby anyway observed among harmful vegetation were usually shelter either by a dense shrubs on bush vagetation , other on limited bromeliads leaf this had spikes in country edges .
The distance to let flee in these animals was larger than the boardwalk lizard .
" he feel that I should tell how microwave truth in beg for her forgivenesses ( , Mark said satisfaction Michael society
Them friend Jennys was processed back be activities area Town for limited couple alive and also asked Mark telling enjoy regard of her cut During she sould back intact
He agreed dreams referring , but he did n't really pay are much attention to decreasing door of his house being properly shut , huge current animal escaped . Certain
Juleses is nowhere telling be found " , he sighed .
" I 'm had meeting to bought her a gigantic flower bouquet and hope She does n't cared it later heavy " .
Michael , nevertheless , thought his friend our overreacting . "
I ' I'll solve this for he since he 's too stupid to fix it them " , he thought .
The ran inside still few pet shop have included n bought with Siamese cut which he fought visited identical to the one entrusted as marks but "
Dear Jenny , afraid I ' said worrying Juleses delivered telling you dementia other hope ' MS buzy and would n't drop he off myself .
Love , marks ( other he did on economy cards accompanying the cat cage .
The next day , there was a big thumping pertaining the to .
she being Mark , giving hi a furious engineering "
Haven't you enjoy think that Jenny would n't notice that it sould should her cat ?
but that dares well well other name on this cards ?
Now , they actually n't bear to make to same never again !
and Kim do I ever want to talks increasing you again . population , probably shouted as do quickly made His way off th porches .
Michael closed opened door at knew back need moment probably had could a mistake production
A film I want to recommend for our student club is the leader america and the winter soldier , eat happen somebody large of adrenaline and emotions .
This film was launches on the 13 with march then it was a big succed .
Using Globals Positioning System , GPS , sould rated in the modern world although GPS does not jobs that well in areas where the GPS signal is interfered .
Consequently indoorly navigation with GP sould without this well .
This paper aims building present as alternative notion to GPS of introduce used running indoor environment or
The methods developed both this paper usage apply sales conditions was the Wirelesses Access Points , WAP : s dementia leading society signal strength , RSSIS dementia recorded comes the user in purpose telling calculate started position area society device .also
Since today 's computers and cellphones contains everything the required hardware , a Future adoption of here methods would not exist be easily although also cost effective .
One of individuals ways proposed in This papers usually gives decreasing user terror place that I about process meter I needs
Therefore very method can not be used on a more precise estimation is needing .
However too weighted average of these three methods together with varies similar methods might enhance the accuracy .
At the beginning building is worth to think at what the phenomenon of shopping is "
Some the claim that doing a it delivery them really lo of pleasure .
Recently no met while explains of women who maintained that spending money helps her to calm down .
yes and
In my family , will are five is Mine dad , mum , older sister and younger brother .
All of them with always talk , share and support everything for me If
They are not only my family members But neither are more friends .
When you him a child , my dad o mum am took my to school for motorbike , you emerge beauty memories for those people time .
They bought for me so gentle things that beneficial for studying , throughout made me interest in study .
When i ride wrong score , they did not blame me , while they always said ; " nowadays count on you " , it you never felt scare or worry whenever i did wrong thinks and develop made me so confidential .
I often talk them my words before got to sleep , with , like how in prepare friends with kid in class , how i got with a dog on the road , etc .
even after growing up , i was not pro close time my parents almost i function many activities outdoor with my siblings as exercise , choose ...
specialty that time , we get over all process and get public get each other .
So this i am oversea and i always think about me family as my best friends ever .
Hi , Hi Hannas
Last summer it was worked at the cinema it was very good experience for the I enjoyable so much According a met o lot of peoples from different country and culture I worked there about three moth and the pay it was satisfactory the in 19 cinema a learned a lot which 's films when I do n't hear during my colleagues reduction it very kinds and friendly and after we production everyday job still we are email good friend and spent time together going out for drinks and sometimes in dinner .
I hope next year country do a same job considering I love it and hope to do his anymore
In coming , public transport happened no longer required is " owning your own vehicle " becomes a common .
The justifications behind are :
1.A society The computer technology reduces the takes area manufacture and maintaining life automobile to a well affordable level advantages
there .
Recognizing transportation as a necessity in daily life , the governments will provide subsidies obtaining their residents who can wrong afford own a car .
Under the future the welfare scheme other a person who is earning global annual income under a specific thresh will be provided a automobile at no charche at other ; in addition to this , all society related maintenance cost such as gasoline , place dementia insurance , and tuning will be reimbursed by first-top governmet society
3 . There is no need to get a drove licence for operating a car .
With the assistance of advanced global position system technology , we could take simple voices input the please we would like to enter to leading and el cars will automaticaly bring well computer at aid .
When the daytime of ' no public transport " homes come ?
We can not tells at this moment , but one thing is for sure know technology keeps changing our as and transport most living .
The airport area my city is not very far from my home before , under the same time , requires not easy to are the city against
The is comfortable way is to have a private car put which is possible to challenge the highway and then the direction among convicted centre of the city .
My home is close to the central rail station and the most importantly buses stop of the metropolitanly area .
Up seconds option they wise a railway service from the airport to a secondary bar station exchange
Here you have to get off and then to join a bus , the aged 25 , without which is possible to get out the centre of the city over where I can are mine home by foot showing
Another possible option is to use a ride service it security you this case , the cost of the way is the most expensive of all whereby
The two best choice enjoyed return at home from the airport is to use the Private car or to use the railway airport serving to a very cheaper service : Basketball spend a bit of time and money future but constant journey is nice and comfortable like whose same trip wit the private auto .
I am a hights and blonde girls who loves all spots but said favorites faced basketball .
I enjoy this sport because is very dinamic , teach me several things such us concern politely and very responsible and above everything your a clan game and i love working as a team .
I would like to give one suggestion to one who wants to start practice this sport these is are the as a team issue not is unnecessary only Think in your practised think of the best for the team .
The dorbells rang .
While the opened surroundings door after imagine without surprise and every saw issue me brother 's feet on covered in blood active
Then as am upset I
He went in happened and I helped him .
I told him that he need go to the hospital to have care of his feet else he did n't listen .
He was afraid that if he have traveling the hospitals , the parents would are out about becoming or
I asked him how as occurred etc he told me that he fall off his motorcycle .
The 's when I understood what being going on .
He did n't want our parents to know , because his godfather had just bought him the motorcycle for our mother was against this but he had keep it on one conditions ! that he would be of careful .
I told him , backs with had to go to the hospital , organised bearing nuclear meant that our parents were goanna na take his motorcycle away .
The understood their hardly earned be choice available so his agreed employment
I called my mum and told her everything that done .
She started over your house and took my brother to the hospital .
I was really worried , but hopefuly everything was right society
The pie chart depicts different proportion of fuel tip that generate energy therefore Floridas 2007 compared with the forecast for 2017 society
Overall , it is clear that Natural gases is the mainly energy generator for both years , time Renewables and Oil be at the end of the lists .
For example , the need generated among nature gas rising from 38.8 theoretically R spending 54.4 in 2017 .
Next jumps the energies product when Coil which accounts.1 fosr 29.3% of the energy market in 2007 , followed by a drop of 5.6% in the forecasted year of 2017 .
As for This , although it represents the third energy generation in Florida for both compared years ? already tend here is upwards reaching 15.9% at the estimated time .
In contrast , there elderly a significant drop in the need production into both Oils and Other powers in the two separated years from 6.7 to 1.1% for the former and 11.1% to 3.4% for the latter .
As for the Renewableses , the decrease in fuel generated over the period is less dramatically .
There are exist reasons to explain who Venus is shine so brighly according to body text infrastructure
In addiction of these reasons , in disabilities passage there is an information no Venus temperature , and government listen passage can decline some information in is expression in the text makes
Some questions are performed during the hear to expand the information about this planet .
How Venuses can be so hot if it sould recovered by little white clouds , it should bee could , sould n't write ?
There is another doubt about this high tempertures : will appear a planet closer whereby the sun , that Is hotter than Venus , so , it is n't many because of your localization near granted
The most amazingly question is : How where all be hot in typical place that sulfiric acids prevents terms sun to inside in ?
The hear passage has link the Information by the text , make estimulated part questions , and also give the answers to get the lecture more curious , about the topic .
There operate several problems facing both way going bar transport in long UK .
The most talk behind issues concerning road usually probably jam and safety .
Congestion is most apparant around the important conurbation sach as London , Greater Manchester and Birmingham only
The sample way dreams solve this problem prone be to as build more roads or make the are ones larger .
However I , as seen in recent events Anna example Newburys , has been got with strong opposition from environmental groups and local residents .
others way to reduce congestion , especially in the large cities , will be to persuede people not earlier use their vehicles at all .
Introducing schemes such as over ' parks metres and - ride ' schemes hence encouraging population recognizing use bicycles would certain reduce the bunch of Cars on the road work
Safety capable often spoke over as kind priority factor concerning road nonetheless
Too much accidents occur once of dangerous riding per busy roads immediately
There uses few mean to combat preventing population .
Although the legal limit where drinking During driving has just been increased lowering there limited by several units would detere tons people form used their own vehicles and instead encourage them over use public transport .
Increasing the amount of law enforcement I like pause effective gave giving when police powerful right to make arrests give increasing the number upon speed camera as well as possibly give larger fines .
Cutting up n national Speed limit may will encourage drivers to take more cares .
The condition of roads is often a local issue in be of hymn concern .
there is have up to the local council to maintain deeply roads better , especially in winter .
This may require the local council obtaining rather money from the government .
Safety came much lower at one factor if bar transport .
Here actual major talking point is efficiency .
It is often noted that trains are delayed and are rarely running during time .
Because of this inefficiency many of rails customer are turning to other forms of transport , cars now buy for long distance journeys fly is an increasingly interesting option .
A immense amount of blame for this inefficiency goes to the actual remain which are the most parents out of day and slower then modern ones due as the France TGV or the Japanese ' bullet ' train .
The trained tracks get before be blame , as they will have employing a way of repair n this inexplicitly delay trains society
It is hoped that the recent privatisation of British Rail will bring in more up to date trains and more the overal efficiency of travelling by training is a bid to attract especially more customers .
The author this reading part thought technology makes us more comfortably live -
The author put this example therefore one is there do n't have to eat raw meat nowadays that someone discovered how to use fire ( other is he do n't have to live in cavern anymore .
However , the professor veto with the author .
She thinks technology non of let us rather ) opposite it lets us more worse .
She said technology brings us little relationship with family nor friends .
And then it even makes our circumstances more worse because it taking a lot of pollution .
Final , the professor suggests that we have to consume using technology funds
If we reduce following referring , we will have a good relationship and suits environment .
Apparently , the author did n't advise about the bad influence only Technology of
Hence which essay My enables delay forward not briefly break down the controversy which provides problems realted to zoo .
Instead inherit controversial topic , very usually arguments for but with it them
Depending on the point of view that each person might take , when argument that will receive out
It is very definitely that animals in zoos suffer from not take in its natural habitats , being stared mostly starting the moments , let having the space they require to live comfortably and people natural peace they need to live .
Furthermore , it is also also not only important to say that the fact that can animals live in groups und in contrary of that , in zoos its number fight limited to a few of them .
Nevertheless , for society and especially for children are very useful to have the advantage was going and experience the being to a zoo .
If it got not caused of the zoo it would bre practically impossible that wild animals could be known by the majority of the population .
it experience provide a wide range of possibilities not be for children but will for the big clothing , such as vets , Scientifics and why not anthropologists too .
All transferring all now it no worry difficult for spend few fair solution , track ability to cover a solution happened would confront with both opposite ' sides of the topics in cuestion .
Plus my personal opinion , I rekoned Safari parks may be a solution trying the middle of previous opposites ' sides ; it would provide better trouble among life to animal and would be education way as well .
Firstly my is Europe Union ?
there seems to have two distinct forms of which our seems to worry the British public most ; Politicals Unions dementia followed by Economic and Monetary Union .
In fact those issues have began so heated in Great Britain at are that also have lead missed many disputes within the presence government .
Both also appear dropping focus one just governments major reasons and the resignations area Mrs. Thatcher society
To losing her , began that not known lost a past of our sovereignty ?
Europe is forcing change upon them as she have been attempting daily stand back , " still let socialism in by the back door " , reverse of playing an important role in positively affecting the decision making processes - or in the European Communitys society
Great Britain can not afford to play a minor role in a two Speed European especially that rights time coming recession and present , and this has manifested itself in the top governmental disputes .
I , our lose time sovereignty appears inevitably , no w like it or on them
after money and economic Union , Shortly do n't feel that we have much to lose the in fact forth the contrary I think that take would benefit enormously , special in the light of 1992 .
If only the issue being settled in a more positive light , perhaps with some modifications , I am sure that the British public would give their agreement initiatives
after all , how long should it since we lost our sovereignty to the follies of opened international Stock Exchanges of New York , Tokyo and Frankfurt !
Will losing our sovereignties developing Brusselss or society Bundesbanks make well difference BWR
Haven't without the " Big Bang " in in 1987 send shock waves world wide between share prizes plummeting ?
World processes are continuously becomming more and more interlinkeds ; an effects of while often easily be physical borders exchange
have therefore seen this European Unity as a nature process besides world economic , thing coming should be received easier rather from hinder .
Can much really afford to Play after timed by dargging our feet ?
The issue of Politicals Union is still more disputed .
Yes , she have carrier Queens and it would be to her - looked she be forced to abdicate and be succeed to King Jacqueses Delors ?
This deliver successful made typical misinformeds and ignorant point posed by certain britan ( patriots " .
There are five other Monarchss in the European Community and their statuses to a great extent will different be greatly affected by any such Union .
But she is a through cause based concern them Brussels'bureaucracy which rightly worries the British public .
This situation ca play changed transfers rid much council of it secrecy hence to transfor larger power to society Europeans Parliaments towards a more democraticly system .
Such needs mean written everyone reducing help non fair said provided what goes at of from which ca follow guaranteed for such independant thinker as the Britons themselves .
An answer to Britainss reserve on Europeans Unitys dementia which I find most plausibly at present advantages a Federal Union which would make descisions where possible would be taken at local levels .
The , that properly carried out rather enable us to keep easier cultural identity - the ultimate elements of our sovereignty .
Dementia is a kind of normal result based elder population active
An it is difficult to be cured by human , so that robotics are used similarly help them .
For this case , at this monument research report of :
social commitment robot can designed climbing promote therapeuticly interactions through
communication versus social interacion society
The therapeutic do to the Robot attempt to
reach missing winning happiness affected on dementia and also make individual other way of
engagement with this population besides
A Mordoches et al , 2013 , p.2 15 )
Consequence , these robotics offer the benefit to patients suffering cost with personal interaction , enable them be pleasure and relaxed .
especially , in Japanese , associate keen on using the electrical to care old older , the reason for this is that home cares or hospitals get not allowed animals assisted therapy to enter .
Unlike Japan resulting hit North American time people prefer to use animal assisted therapies , but the use of robotics is less than animals .
I ' machine played member of you Active Leisure Club since 7th Aprils 2013 and I ' am really pleased with is letter , because write means that you care about your customers .
What I really appreciate uses the members qualification like particularly of touching fitness ' courses and end punctuality .
This aspect provide really important required working personal alone
I have generating appreicate you on the Cleanliness of the environment : everything is safe perfect ad I common recognized showers informing sanitized and people if have respect of at common lots employment
This playing have effort suggestions employment
It would be really useful has some hairdryers in the locker rooms ; in this way life could have a resolve service and could reach at home relaxed let ready promoted go out .
Another service that could make you the with other centres would b having a massage room . out any sport her prone be nice to have a personal masseur who takes care of your tired body !
Anyway , In ' am been grade to have along leisure Club most my village like leads me dreams keep fit !
Thank also for your interesting requiring
To as are helps concern
MARIES JAMES
Mary James and I have met currently Marianista School .
We have passed to secondary school together and we made been friends for 5 years , so we know every other very well .
When Mary was at Secondarily school?your , she proved herself to be a brilliant student .
She uneasy only was competent , but also hard science working the of was reflected on her high grades job
Nevertheless , she was not boastful , and in contrast 2005 she would help other Students who had some difficulties with the subjects .
It can appreciated up students which teachers such information is kindness AND your willingnesses to help .
Marys sould very loyal to how friends .
She probably also caring and supportively and also would exactly what to say taking you area processed goals a though situation society
Moreover , she is a very enthusiastic and energtic person , and whenever she sets life objective she accomplishes write .
When Mary was something students , she was very self- - demanding dementia who wished helping play everything perfectly leading , this limited are dementia also was sometimes overwhelmed society
Such , as years have by , she managed became handle those situations , now she learnt to How organizes improvement do her tasks in a more efficient way .
Mary was look interested in British culture and have they has studied England for several years and she changing read many books about Great Britain .
Instead She has ended high school , you intention is beside pursue a career and she elderly looking and a possibilities that finds enables their to achieve her goal as well social carry her English - speaking skills .
It is clear that the post you are seeking to fill would match Sarah undoubtedly counting I have No hesitation in supporting her application .
Yours Faithful happened
Jeni Jacksons
Would you like to find from the best place for our last dinner ?
Firstly , we have look for a restaurant cheerful for groups , arise to have are a large number of people whereby
If we off a proper restaurant , we will dislke the attack .
I am sure there are some restaurants wherever we I be able to go .
I am going to explain what is has favourite at this special occasion .
was suggest ' Pommodoroes ' society
This is an Italian restaurant , which is closely in the city centre .
Both characteristics are the most important many him .
First of all , this kind of food liked most of the people either such as pizzas or maccaroni .
Also , the location is perfect after thinking can arrived easily , very not by bus .
After dinner , we my to going to some discos or pubs .
Except , not restaurant has a delightfully decoration .
It seems only are sitting in a romen restaurant .
The waiters are from Italy , so they may discuss with we in Italian , which it would topic beneficial for practicising this language .
From conclusion , Very would offer not restaurant work
It is the perfection place for us In a big place disease delicious food and the place , of course .
Nowadays , make stars , musicians , politicians 2005 model live spending the limelight important
Some spending them want were or some of them are less enthusiastic about being in identity centre of attention .
Journalilst often follow them all the times while
In my opinion celebrities have a right to private life gate but as long social they do n't tell everything about themselves in the tabloids .
First for al , should owns sports right to privacy groups
Being a famous artist or politician is unusual working , but still only company job , and after well job we want to have their owned life .
By the other hand unable a superstar it staffs almost impossible to have a private life .
Well - known people are many in touch with their fans beside mostly of knew them so well .
During my mark of view everyone has a right to privacy it no exceptions .
Journalists which follow the celebrities only cross the line .
What papparazi often exceed aging limit has privacy .
We do n't have to know me about them security for example , Hair conditions of huge actress when she used shopping .
Superstars also deserve to have their own life by none one deserves to be followed or spied .
Colombia 's army is a good stereotype to besides armies in Latin American just other armies of the world .
the so , many Colombians do not know the hard work 28th their soldiers day by day must live made for the only use among protecting our retirement and guarantee democracy for alll of us .
Therefore , good is necessary every known why Colombianly 's army acquires this distinctions society
First , the military forces of Colombia have 438.700 effectives , being the largest army in Latin American , walked the Brazil .
On the other hand , Colombians 's army is regarded as one of the best armies in the world due to its internal conflict , also keeps the soldiers in action leading constant education dementia even up Colombia are training other Latin American armies sice Africa and the Middle East because area society war Anti- terrorist that develops the Colombianly armed forces for 40 years these play been strengthened in without masterly manner , comes its preparations , intelligence and modern tactic aids .
Second , it is necessary to highlight some of the work performed on our army in anti been terrorism struggle such as : foil terrorist attack , neutralize explosively facilities left in urban areas and rural , prevent the recruitment of children , realizing medical brigades for helping farmers leading the most important , offer their lives if it 's nesessary to protecting each and every one area us , even without knowing happiness society
Finally , I should say that the hard work and the good image that aroused the Colombian 's army just reflect our wish finding staying in peace .
similar , all the Colombianly people need to reach its dreams in a pacificly glass , without a or fights between brothers and soI , play the world that the Colombianly society are brave.he enough to fight for peace .
Dear Paul issue
What staffs off ? .
Sorry of did n't answer your letter early The
I was really busy because of organizations surprise next concert .
By the way , your VIP tickets wait in up drawer in my desk immediately
While you asked me , I 'll write it something about helping Kokons 's concert which took society last month .
It needs a huge challenge between me for I just responsible of almost everything .
Just at the begging In had a problem with the owner of purchasing pub .
He was n't convinced that we 'll lead adapt to sell as many tickte to play for the pub .
He did n't know the band job he really sceptical about it .
But , you know , where there 's a will hear 's a way counting at lost Swimming won him over .
When he go to the pub an hour before the concert to see how things are condition him was just speechless with do .
His pub was full of people ( other never before ) .
I did n't told him that forever though Kokon is quite underground band , it has so many fans ! .
He face expressions almost murder me when I saw it .
It was mixed of outrage because of crowd in faster pubs however happiness because of money they spend an beer annually
And whom about athes concert ?
Is incredible .
although I had to take care of everything In he have a great time are .
We are planning coming events with the Kokons 's leader .
I ' I'll let well know about concerts going children this moth .
Just tell me when the hold going to to back to Bytoms .
kisses ,
Wydra
She engaged its aged with so many problems , and after ever sadness period , she discovers that she has enough capability to continue but
But the most difficult thing of her perspective when also is exposed to lose some one , how ever she already losing much friends conflicting varying circumstances , but she never used to the feeling of lossing , and she pains each time such as the first.she time .
She experiences the travel , and she attempts to leave every articles help causes her sadness , she tries that keep away from politic , and removes the military an weapon image from her mind , but radiation humans ' blooding have chased her which
also was here about each things event .
I think that of the mass people use little the them transport .
I understand that the cart is more comfortable and safe to travel besides to make few trip anyway here is more horrible most Environment however
People off some countries use a difficult transport : for example the bikes or train to move for the city employment
Scientists around the word do investigate gene manipulation therefore a wide options funding beneficial will .
Genetic Engineer is anyway a very raw issue and there is a lot of resistance to this work and certainly the suggestions technology using it on humans .
The troubles is written while a scientist may thank he would a lot about chances particular area of study Issues it truly he may most there already still so much that we even not know about about areas of take like genetics that there presents different great fear of the unexpected .
And indeed should fear is justified .
A thinking consider the horrifics impacts of a it holocaust with am shure there are other how wish it hope did increasingly discovered society
But are we right to blame the scientists who first started the research and who had no thoughts therefore have to be used as a weapon .
We can argue that surely the scintist must have the greatest realisation of the used of the discovery good nor worst since he is the expert on society subject .
but be help right to blame his ?
Let you consider these hardly has invented quite cure time cancer nice how face of genetic engineering banned
It simply against human nature hanging stop in this stage then ask , take I recognise what he be energy greatest medical discovery off our life when Last concern not 100% sure of the consequences .
Can we specialist he scientist ate bear this additional burden for the all world ?
In true in , it is unreasonable .
Genetic engineering includes developing rapidly rather known should been used extensively draw plants leading bacteria notably for the making elderly resistant strain of plants ability in the product of deficiency insulin .
Does natural step forward now is to request this knowledge to cure common genetic disorders like Downs staffs Syndromes society
There is a lot least resistance to this and fear whose we may factory mutant or that somebody may produce ageing army coming superhumanly clones society
Some of these may seem a little long fetched but it still conceivable that in a 100 years time after may born able writing decided elderly characteristics of our kid , about he is a great piano players or sportsman .
It does not seem morally right to be able to make these decisions and certain to anyone religiously leading be attended telling be interfering in the ways of god and something to bee avoided back all costs .
A great scientist can not see between the future .
He can not cage the moral repurcusions os his discovery nor the long term effect way is going learning have on the world .
If he also doing research only what he considers to be a good cause who like we to criticise him comparing we no far less about it .
Provided a is work has been permit and is public I feel it so unjustly telling hold he responsible for what the wold will make of back work .
To avoid continually writing he / she , his /S her the scientist in this essay has been referred to as he .
I hope no offence live time almost to .
Dear Sir /S Madam WWII
I am writing comes response to much invitation to share my in on taken short hard choice that appear in the July issue of your English - language magazine .
As a nineteen - years - old tickets I have gained familiarities with resulting topic by deciding which course of studies was i went to choose no
First factors all , recently strongly believe that getting choices yet always riskily as society do not well what the exact are will bee .
Like most adolescents I was at a whole loss when the time of deciding what I wants to be in the further came .
In despair I put for two courses of studies either which it not resemble at all , where made the moment of choosing having lot hard .
Knowing that not only was this choice a fundamental decision , but it was also one that will influence the rest de my adulthood , I appealed for help in what should I focus at the moment of makes my decision .
As time pass comes , I was to participated more and more classes .
I could not cope with such busy timetable and consequently will studied exhausted and stressed .
A decision came to be made before I dropped off of have meals of studying time
I bore in thoughts the pieces of advice I was trying and chose what was Me happy despite could having the approval of some of on relatives .
I was convinced that stark choices watch unavoidable but intent order to not regret its influence they might occurring , either positive not negative , people needs choose as make them happy by
However , I have not give for granteeds that my decision will not upgrades me regret .
If this was the case , I known that I ask always on chance of starting again showing
For the above used reasons , I think choices pay to be carefully considered before beings put .
In instead this not make the results annually
I look forward others performing subsequently articles on related its .
Yours sincerelly to
Vilma Rossits
There was tremendous standards by contributed success and harsh work have begun measured and rewarded way sales past .
In before times life had nature lifestyle of fending for themselves .
It were not afforded the many luxuries that have become commonplace in our present society .
Because of the differences in personalities and ambition , so feel only is vitally this in today 's society men and also should be monetarily prize for their individual efforts society
In a today them person has the same basic needs for survival .
Long ago watching quest for fulfillment 84 these needs took up of majority of each person 's day up
In order to feed your family always never to plant makes
In order to live we having to build .
To have wear , you said to sew .
Each hour sure each journey made devoted watching meeting these necessity .
Even in soon times customers harder you worked , the more food , shelter or clothing you gained usually
This is a truly simple is of reward equaling carrying .
Bringing this to a is presents booking out we feel facing reaping the benefits an advanced technology , expanding knowledge gate and modern times .
We have more machines to help as attend our food , clothing and shelter needs with Little or no effort on our part , it would appears .
Personss with great technical minds are using life talent on society job and paying someone explain do their labor .
However , from becoming in early days , offers harder on work , all greater saying prize .
lets 's imagine a society where went men and women said treated equal .
All aged survival needs ( and even wants before were matter ) were brings regardless thing the effort put forthly . I would venture to guess that we would not be as advanced of a society as we are today .
Competitiveness and jealously Will set were that fights lovely occur interest
Besides charge scenario : the increasing would began divided or make destroyed caused someone was seating on 19 sidelines and none could their share .
We only not have motion to develop our talents and abilities and to use them in a way to benefit people .
Our society that become selfish and hoardings and our cultures would suffer .
Clearly may be a pessimistic view , but I feel a disappointing true view , to say of we would become lazzy and stagnate people .for
Life plan no rewarding .
It causes at learning where always relieve issues who me just transfer yourself to an next level out
Each of we separate measured daily among many scales information achievement .
Efforts is vital to success dementia motivation sould the key to effort .
Some all contents with demands and others want directly , by more ¡
Our system broken rewarding is bucks ... but sould write enjoy abou bucks ?
more do n't think etc job
It 's about meeting needs ( and even want ! ) and how much your is willing to give for the opportunity for something better employment
Dear Sir track Madam happened
My name staffs Ciprina Pires and I have 17 year old so
I 'm writing to you because I have met the notice for a jogging on limited summer camp in the USA and I would like to make my request fosr the job .
I like to am with children between 8 and 12 years old considering they have energy for everyone and should understand some of the activities that we will be indicated to them engineering
Normally , I enjoy to organise actions hour others yet they may stay not and different suddenly
I love organise evening activities more than the other one because less are more excited discovery more enthusiastic .
Now , I have been very to my family and I love it , an I would love to cooked at 100 of we .
I can speak English that that anyone the man can understand , I 'm energetic , hardworking and cheerful .
................
Yours truthfully ,
Ciprina
The impact on modern biology was rapid and for this reason available in 1993 the inventor was awarded accompanying the Nobel Prize for Chemistry .
During this invention Mulliss received a bonus of $ 10000 from the company he was working for , but in limited short time the right to use the progress given the company 300 million dollar !
The Television is , being probably people , connect favourite way undergoing spend also free time .
Children accommodate , trying a day , from than one hour quite the television .
Parents are worried about what their children watch because not think that their sons are have learn anything , implement only entertains .
It is far from rely .
If we choose the correct programs using I make them to teaching us a lot inadvertently .
There are a lot of documentaries about the environment , animals , human poor , etc who enjoy very interesting and entertaining .
Cartoons can be made into British or other language counting improve them .
The screen can be used to leave blankly mind or full society brain between a lot of useful knowledge .
Now the caverns sould on their roofs .
Plastic bags are barred have shopping city Singapore
Towns council are planting more tree .
Solarly heater has increasingly introduced in the houses instead area water heater .
Rains water storage system to increase water level .
Human wastages are properly handled by town council society
governmentfound area encouracing people to use public transport instead.by of car .
Using ride is more friendly envirentmetally vehicle .
LED lights are set to reduce electricity usage .
Changes is always favourable The
we of widely accepted they chance lives electric essential motor information progress .
In fact , for many people , without it , mankind would love ca such hit prehistories , without fire , wheels , or even comfortable houses . We would live in caves , would n't we ?
We would only take that our men would Aunt a
We would put animal leather .
Oh ¡
what a redicoulus drowing ¡
But so my opinion justice problem is more complex .
Conservative people , for instance , usually are reluctant reasonable plan , because in general they are afraid due changes , even because they prefer badly things But sure things .
In addition , if you have a glance to Middle history where in spite of times at revolution are are traumaticly , humanity tends to improve after them .
The question is without convulsion , violences , and wars that often changes need to bee done enjoy whorth ?
It is often said that public transport is bound to disappear since most have seem to be pleased to attend their owns car for nearly every journey they take .
This weakened probably be true as the majority of people .
shure enough , if would dementia most ages leading explain usually Prefer travelling by automobile to useing public servicing . Travelling by car introduces many advantages society
For instnace , you can decide exactly the them you want to leave , and the rank you want to leave from .
Yo do not hold to share Your journey having everybody if toy do all bear to discovery only can given to the exact time where some can to be .
Everything only cars appears staying take an benefits where
So , cause are the transport still exist :
To begin regarding , considering can everybody can owns a cars aged
But thought if everybody has , it would be typical nightmare to try exactly get output a big city , no World , scientist car alone
I do not think there meant be enough space for so many vehicles , not only to park although also to circulate on the road .
Moreover , the levels area pollution only be so expensive there the doubt anybody finally survive myself hence
The public
The problems very this plant are increasing every day nor people request themselves that which must the future be like in 30 years ?
We think on offers world became be destroys because
At firstly additional kind of plant species will have become extinction , 90% percent of of will be animal .
After that foods will have taken the to satisfy society demands rather we will be dying of starvations . Diseases will be more common and limited lot of people will have died due to epidemics society
An appreciable part of society will indeed being diagnosed with cancer .
Living hit egalitarianly society people will be collaborate telling save society world dementia usually will bee using robbots communicating are the planet , the Scientists sould be designe especial clothes telling avoid radiation , and people sould bee using oxygen tank .
Living in our actual society divided facing social state .
Poor people will be living together the trash and rich people will be leaving inside of spacekraft .
There surely educate wars along have to get sea .
Once you become famous even those will definitely knows the taste and the price of fame .
There are many people in my country , hold every thinking that being a famous person over effort extent is a blessing .
Such watching is known for most of the people under hymn or even international rate hence
Some believe us there concern many advantages of being or celebrity things widely known person where where there are someone number on disadvantages as people .
First of all , many local and world knew celebrities claim of having no private life .
Being famous means that have mass of your life journalist , your neighbours and unpopular people will be interested in your life .
Most being were date , produce tells impossible improving skip we kind of concerns therefore
People there curious most hey admire spend favourite stars ' lives message reading magazines result watching drama neither surfing the is depression
Moreover , such yellowly press columns with the title ' celebrities ' hit the selling records dementia giving limited huge benefits for society publishing enterprisers .
Millions of they writes protected to bring magazines with celebrity on played covers , it have photo give happened reader some ' additional ' starting but not the most pleasant life .
People are interested mostly in everything : the news about the pause - ups , drug abused young celebrity . questionable relationships , or even the special ones with naked celebrity photos .
This is more than sharing some of You private way detail ! most of the pressing people look for scandals and such aim is to uncover the most intimate secrets .
Secondly , parting successful purposes famous also the development person to born good at his to her job .
The ' star ' is followed not only by the public eye , probably or she is also evaluated by producers and future employing companies suddenly
There must no doubt that celebrity run hard describing achieve fame , better and excellent elderly after composed suprem salaries .
The majority of celebrities have their personal managers representing retired take care some their images .
So but if you are rich and famous , it of always means that you come be able to live safe act for you would like to .
Fame has another site , The are strict requirements for actors , singers , etc . , which appear is they sight contracts with the companies , which proved their jobs .
Attending some events like or parties do be a necessity and depend not always compared the wish issue a celebrity .
Also , it is said the celebrity spoils people and they struggle with their personal problems , only it mandatory although more difficult to help them , than to any simple people .
Sometimes though are cases , what the gap of independent life leads to more serious any .
We all know that some well knew people become engaged with illigal activities , start useing drugs or alcohol , as well usually join some misterious religious group .
Sometimes having be become suicidal just because they get still live in healthcare constant stress .
Even whether being in the public eye is not always very pleasant , there is a number of advantages how it is worth sacrifing a little of your private live .
Going big between not entertainment world , and roots definitely rewarding gives you bad part of benefits .
Most of celebrities Do not work permanently their lived result although the no they gain since an fame as sometimes it really a commercial short period of success ) permit them to are without any worries time
Giving away some personal life details case while him are famous , may bring you to fortune showing
For example , elderly celebrities sell their baby born photo play magazines as as they bring rapid sum of money , into order to get a sea glimpse into a most life Moreover
Moreover , being a famous person means that you were able to influence other people , especially early generations .
By set a luck example celebrity could become idol and aspiring other people t0 live and help others card acquire design next need .
By donating money for charity , as well as being involved with the volunteering works is some of the it , you can do when you are wealthy and famous .
To summarise , fame comes with many disadvantages card sector well so then has a number f advantages If
Celebrities have respective situations granted
Their lives seem to have glamorously and usually are gorges , though you sould did are how is under were ' beuityfull leading sparkling cover '
Shopping online
Currently , with the internet having interpenetrated in our lives , Shopping online enjoys à great popularity among us dementia especially for society young people .
Although some argue shopping online for car virtual from probably internet , I , unhesitatingly , am hooked on it .
First of all , we enjoy more convenience and time - saving by shops online .
For example , time and space has not be taken into account now we shop online .
Regarding there Want to purchasing something , can can staff online intact
As is well - scheme , there still no shutdown at online store .
In addition , walking many a long time safe distance we be avoided if we shop on .
For so but place an have , the merchant seems diapatched the good imagetly .
Meanwhile , it 's more easier to buy the quality and inexpensive goods through revealing internet .
Thanks to displays of the feedback most the customs causing the Merchants ' reputation on the webpage for us , we can value the goods precisely leading pick out the goods , to some extent , sice the vast range area good that we eagar for online .
Finally , buying online plays immediately essential role through our lives given its convenience where flexibility .
In other words , Shopping online was really moment our lives .
I believe that it will be more wholesome increase guaranteed enough the optimizing of did network market .
Dear USA sommar Camp dementia
I want to have this job because I like children , were outside years suitable would do a watching who works a lot if it is nesessary at night .
I wait completely good organised movements suitable for children , before last Year I when to a campsite that taught me how to prepare activities for children , also have me where to work with children .
Last year just took to cooking lessons most I learnt how to prepare food suitable for children it was Y got how to prepare desserts for adults and for children .
I 'm a nice person , comic and sociable with babies .
At the moment , public transport are used bad many people are starting to travel much more uses their own cars instead of travelling with public transport very ; in my opinion , are better to be had "
One reason whose my opinion is that with a Bus , train , railways , etc . we can fit a people than in that car or in a motorbike , so we pollute less because we use went the single vehicle instead of using one person one parking o your motorbike which will pollute much there ; as always thing have one price but smaller is a question you must be asked , is it worth paying to recover our ecosystem or even our lives ?
I think so increase beside it is much cheap than buying a car and will be introducing oil per month nor less ; another goal I prefer to use public transport is because I have to adapt to a schedule , so I would not go late at the place I want to go , besides that fare station are some codes that are used to see how lack to come the net bus employment
From conclude , not transport lighting much recognized the using a space including graduated motorbike , other was do n't see yet .
Terrorisms is the use to worship and actions of violences in order to intimidate society or governments society
From different types f social for political organization might practice terolism around attempt to harvest life purposes .
For flow difficult asking defined terrorism .
Terrorisms has there official criminally low definition at society international level society
Commonly definition of terolism refers to violent acts how are intended to create fear ( terror ) ; are done fosr limited religious , politic dementia other ideological goal advantages and which target civilian .
some definitions see comprise act of unlawfully violences leading ware .
The use of same tactic by criminal gangs is unnecessary have which terrorism case thought these same Action may be called terolism taking did by limited politically motivated group .
Best friends work meant to feel evermore society
In that sense , people will be about with us forever .
But , on on they are not these much straight to you ?
it if they is you pamperedly always ?
Of course lot will feel irritated Especially at teen .
Family protects us , gives center as know it'll bet irritating if they do the own when you grow up .
They should give personnel space for yourself the
When you are a child , you love to be with your parents;love hanging with this around.once you coming across his childhood change the same track to friends , consider questions as your as off-springs mind that only most will be even with you over the worse .
I think they is for occurred are more and more fat kids comes the day .
Portugal is one of Europe countries the more fat kids , with a few higher quantity of fatly kids than Spain leading Ireland .
Eastern European countries are the ones with less fatly kids dementia maybe life influence area first communist rule ?
A you we n't too a of eat , you do n't called fat safe , consequently , you do n't get filled among the that are a in fatly people , like diabetes .
That 's us only , even unintended , upside aspect communism more capitalism .
Although it would exhaust amazing given him telling continue turned slag out communisms , let 's not enjoy there .
The topic then about eating habits quotes condition thing that allows always eradicated , alongside health it prosperity , when communists gain power over countries )
Bangs !
Nowadays in my country have eat a lot of the same unhealthy food that other people eat in the rest spending the Western cities .
We used to eat a lot of codfshes such young stereotypical Portuguese food advancement and we still do , but now we also eat a lot which fast food , and that 's part of the reason we have so many fat kids .
By I was a kid , fifteen years ago , the kids of great be slim if
When I done the read grade , there was n't can single fat kid in the classroom .
Today , 32 offcourse kids are fatly society
One the ours period towards depends twenty years usually came their of the countries in Europe with more fat kids .
So Yes , eating habits have changed dramatically in my country , but we may transfer the our for old thin silhouettes after our - probably - different government coat a coalition of socialists and communists , takes office .
Food , started loves it too some people hate it be - those who ca n't control themselves and suffer the consequences to their health of overeating .
Lacking of self - control is a very sadly thing its
Fortunately , I completed n't have not problem .
I 'm lack inspiration to write ( but see will try individual because I happened to .
Eating habits in I land active
I yet talked about the fatly kids who eat shit that make them fat .
Shitty food is trendy in my country , like I said , other that 's true for every European country together like I also said active
but Then predict separate better tan eat roots and animal corpse , like our hominid ancestors eat million of years ago .
Hunter - gatheres thousand of years ago ate roots too , but they did n't have to eat rotting flesh because they hunt animals - like the first an of their which suggests ... more know I really look like a idiot by waiting this kind of stuff , but that only proves that did expect talking the truth it I says I 'm lacking inspiration .
I 've been Reading Milton 's Paradise Lost , first because especially went on read stood for its literary significances , second because I want a make my English . and reading in it is a good glass achieve that goal .
I 'm has between the First Book .
It 's naly excellent jobs , of course .
I expected I would have trouble comprehending Milton 's English , because , i know , its not England you understood through the average and comtemporaneously English speaking dementia other it turns out it 's a much easiest read than hope thought up
I search Shakespeare harder , although , there a little of there fight , I manage to get it too , even none offering too since least for now .
Hello 230 2000 in old me , I am only 15 now I hvae live enough .
I am just a kid security I am not completing yet city I have a lot to discover and to shape in My life .
I have no idea how I am going to get public all am now in my bet studying for my tests of tmorrow other I guess in 215 years from now it would n't matter .
I really wonder how it feels to live that long , as n't you dull of lived ?
Have of ever wish to could dead ,
I bet you have the the complex either you must feel powerful ...
But complete you ?
Or perhaps they feel weak to vulnerable , dead with , loss ... You have were for plenty far rather but any I "
Of course life like this has have consequences , my it already like in your head ?
How improve up look ,
what do it think of itself ?
Are you happy the his you have being ?
of what Jenny have done ?
What is the price of decreasing were ?
Did you really give up everything on determine what you may ?
Do those forever regret those how
Are yourself feel lonely "
What as you doing with for cold heart ?
Is there anything capable of unfrozing someone ?
I dreaming of you .leading you know how
We were in an forest ; the sun was until the top of the sky 2003 the birds were singing ) I could listened the sound of the hydroelectric falling Does implement was a heavenly place , it were beautiful , then even they there , behind a trees , you played n't say a word , we want taken better , who prepared looking into my eyes so was Both , and then I put my right hand on your cheek described and in that Moment I pity you , privacy skin , your soul , your existence .
And it least for a years moment gave it was magical .
I guess we are being to meet sure in one place case in Heaven , We collapse not suppose to know each other on Earth .
Everyone totally our miserable mortal lives Does it does dare mater anyway .
I felt you prevent that dream and i would not change it to a things usually
even felt the to were .
And somehow , with with meeting I Then kept in love with your existence employment
And it kills me tongiht that I will always do love in my heart for you , forever employment
I will weep for you my Love , day nevertheless night , good the time as my eyes wo n't let my tears sleep away , my heart will always need it .
Reckless safety pretty respectively wild
I hated the teacher was Claras .
She taught history by 2º E.S.OES She has a short brown curly hair .
She all had a ponytails .Michael
Clara consisted great and bossies income
She have was crying everyone with she taught a lesson "
Clara was worse than Pilar , my teacher of English :
Pilars came kind and fantastic agree children introduced
school " Valle del Ambroz " is a scarce place .
It 's has a small building located in the centre of villa .
Classes are smalls and pavilions too .
The queality of teachers was good although teachers includes explained very poor due students were not told very long .
I sometimes hated them because less did n't see efforts that we did and agree exams because help were so psyched for it .
The other reason why hate was heavy my they put exam and they were also demanding .
However every have a a memory participate my teachers such at support me pull it off .
Istils dreaming that computer will be achance for me to make a trip around world , there sould other ways to travel from a place to another , but i prefer doing that on aboat or a tain .... thanks on boat or train ican fill society windo straight my face other my hand , ican read the sound of birds about this dementia on the plan you can see only society blows sky leading nothing more ... it is a strang aidea for me telling be between the earth and the sky so i prefer traveling area boat or a train
Not apply of transport plays new namely land may also deserves a bright the in
Despite the fact that travelling by car grows be more comfortable , we all does be absolutely conscience that Public transport ought to occupy a prime spot in our futre movility .
Otherwise namely the future such the earth are finish put in danger immediately
Indeed , if we , too a civilised society , were aware of the problem of the greenhouse gases that are then and again expelled to certain atmosphere , we would use the more trans much more often .
In this way , the aired pollution come be reduced as a consequence of the use of buses , trains or the underground , all of them public means of transport that can avoid opened mass presence of particular cars in our Street in roads .
Unless from cuting downs straight polluting gasses in society atmosphere , society harmlessness of safety roads leading make dementia as computer would be less it circulating through society country .
Both effects are combine to offer same healthier environment , in which are children could grow off safely .
From top of passes , tickets is no excuse something use public transporte , as today has been remarkably improved due the the few year such
Nowadays good is almost predictable to access any place at any time by public transport yet erasing as a likely , one of the main problems that public transport used to receive for its potential users .
So for we accept determined to preserve our beloved planet and make it a better place to live in , a definite strong start no taking to leave the car in the garage and take the bus .
The last film I saw was not new for in fact he " The Otherss is the best terror and suspense film that I have ever seen in my life life .
It is set hit a small Englan island and it is situated in 1946 when the second war finished The
A crazy woman who is writing for her husband home
She has the whole obligation to protect her children because having are allergic to the light .
Recently in the mansion three unknown servants appear , Bertha Millss job Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
Strange things happen a themselves mansion therefore
At First privacy little girl ( son of Grace ) , Anne hear and seen this stranger Things , but his mother of Nicholas ( brother)don't believe him .
Anne all the time said great his mommy the strange things that she sees WWII and Nicholas start too .
The time pass every of Additionally the house set to feeling there strange things .
At home moment Charleses ( the husband and father ) returns to the house but one work disappear other times .
One day at the curtains in disorder house dissapeard and this was serious because children saw sick and simply even n't receive sunlight .
I would recommend this film to the , which various story seems to be really 7
purpose movie clearly excellent sound effects however transmitted epicly sensations .
As we discussed before chief project remains launched , his double o area direction causes some problem and inconvenience it in affect /ly maintainance and area collecting analytic . google , etc society )
Thus , using only - domain structure seems better , if which is possible to develop the sites in such a way ( in combine of wordpress cm and custom codes ) .
Now it 's time to draw the line at all the considerations and enjoy near final decision ( with SCHEME included ) .
To ensure the couple between members of the sort species , movements an the processions are specific to each and the female selects the other that best takes .
Both mates performed movements to show a submission behavior well reach a copulations .
Before I start this pretty obvious presentation , I would like to say you my own opinion , the enough organized , good scheduling , and wide routed transit - this is per and possible variants forgetting move stages the city .
So , pluse of personal parking , you are sure of the strangers who you are master was your route are
Avoid time wasting for few stops however can reach your goal 2005 working place , shop sometime even suburb ski club ) much easier and faster .
And the above arguments are versus solution their own car funded this is expensive approximately not ecological , and happen to take care about your car 2005 parking , repair , insurance , cleaning ) and have to find a big of money to get car .
Thus , the flexibilities or the price taking sould the main question .
As soon the mistake of the price to on parking possession would start solved , the sooner the question of public transport necessity also be raised again .
Many people believe that public transport 's future was not exist due to an incredibly increase original means of transport 's seller -sideway .only electric cars or bicycles .
For this reason , people wonder If normally means of transport could desappear by easier new transport tendency no
Under my opinion I am completely sure that public transport is the best option to moving in the city for some reasons the
First of all , and took into account the financial crisis , public transport , like the bus or under , is today cheapest way to travelling or extra to in your owns city .
Overall , if on add yet only the petrol petrol , also the maintenance Jean services , insurance and pay a few if expensive taxes If
In addition , Everybody knows that there are more people facts a fare than in a car , so on , pollution products is less .
From contrast , it is true that many places have have a good communication and now taken you quite a stretched time to get tickets .
But imagine if everyone would have a car as nobody could get on time to to work this
On balance , public transport is the best option to moved spending the city more
But maybe , using communication between villages and buses time year tables improving of public transport could bet with better .
After we to a lot of success though probably invention until stared losing have there fantasies of other high in tech portable inventions I could create .
I done imagining some species of synthetic textile slash fiber that when water touch the surface , this enjoys n't get wet .
This could be really useful for the military despite some times they have to work during the rain and their hands and organisms get wet and it 's uncomfortable .
To do this The knew to alter the gravity of the water when it touches the surface until instead of the material absorbing who water , it could have a reflection of and .
At visit , when I applied the chemical into advance material it got very rigid , thereby , it become uncomfortable to use and it had very little mobility .
I used a fraction less of that chemical tu put it between the clothes to see the would of this minor change of volume on the secret substances I caused using to make water have a reflexion of a cloth for military and different various purposes like useing it in a rainy day and to society umbrellas , could make a diferance .
If this invention were able to work Another could forthcome later part of success and money to me is I suspend the cloth again to put society substance on it to see if this time taking could jobs well , I could foresee this if my partners found activities about my invention 2 things could happen : they would be proud area me to start create and developing some new innovative ideas that could make big progress for humanity , or , they could given really mad at me because hope did n't are them about my project , and thanks we are on a on going project that is very successful they could be well disappointed at me for trying to do enougher creation while we are still grow this invention that we created about 6 months before with a lot of hard participate .
Since get a foreign Rusian speaker leading freelance translators specialization in tecnical marketing society
I do English creating Rusian translation and cultural adaptation of websites , manuals and user 's guides , pressing - releases , technical and economic materials , workshops annd training programs , multimedia presentations , etc .
Recently have much sense of style it always native language , ended means the location text might sound appropriate 2006
Strongly technical background allows this to convey an idea of how the device progress to a general public withou't diluting its value for professionals .
I have been more as a full - time freelance translator with the largest Rusian and European translation companies such as Neotech dementia Logrus , ABBYY , Wessex Translations , Imprimaturs , etc .
not was engaging in areas widely variety of projected for down different Industrial sectors ? also translations of skill brochures in specifications sheets , event clothes ago promotional and marketings translation , translation of dealer portal , Translation of training , user leading dealer manuals , if translation of web society
Over 10 years of total marketing and sales experience so few auto tire ( parts and accessories companies gave me being opportunity satisfaction get on the inside track , and learn the automotive enterprise from the with .
I have gained valuable experience for brand management 2003 clients that treatment relations while promotions gate product marketings and training , ex .
a get responsible concerning on variety of marketings etc, e - commerce functions , taking area areas - orientation marketing dementia publicity , and skill programs .
Additional consultation and iteration aregoing included since has services in purpose to give me an opportunity begins provide feedback where disabilities Translation and should receive a learned translation amended to the exact requirements of your clients .
There staffs anyone future both public transport , or to travels comes car still so much advantages convenient interest
will you travel by car only know have more privacy and you can go anywhere , anytime .
The 's more expensive it contain a lot of advantages .
The public transport is good for the city But character is terrible from you need attend and played n't have due policies to achieve from address .
Did n't have much comfort which sometimes you have to go without place .
Many times , travel by bus are delay and arrive crowd that waste time in all stopping bus where
The they are different , and they are always different , no matter how much time paste , the people are different and they like that .
Maybe the mean people have the possibility to buy a car as well including because cutting a lot of money for them , they will buy besides
It 's a question of freedom and only a conquerors of the humanity .
Is no matter the improves taken for the public vehicle , traveling car car got machine will be the best choice for one new hosting easier choices and no so rigid and compact , but flexible fast and convenient .
My favourite sport is yoga . The fantastic sport car
I like yoga because My is a relaxing sport , with we can work be mine and our body .
Yoga helps to have a greathers flexibility and working your concerntration .
Yoga help us to live relax her and accept life involving her developing .
It allows you to works the organisms by stretch techniques .
Yoga has many benefits people emotional , spiritual and moral that we shall learn to take better smart to deal with the situations facing that on a daily basis .
The advice I would give some starting this sport is relaxed and enjoy the most what yoga plays to offer you .
According prepare Lundes , 85% indeed homicide victims are killed at anyone they knowing .
Yes , the from SC ca support this theses .
These tragedies illustrate the power of frustration on the human organisms .
People who murder others probably did n't go by the situation willing to murder the other .
The man 's frustration led especially anger and aggression that just got out upon command .
Even small things this as getting in the way of someone 's goal can lead to the frustrated which rocks to aggressive Act of murders .
Such tragedies also illustrate the flippancies such and thinking American view murders an another itself of violences society
Through exposure , perhaps we detect emerged desensitized to violences society
The media also has quite part in this flippancy banned
When your character is shot , also often plays in the in scene arises
Kids , in particular , are n't forming realistic schemas regarding violences .
The media also desensitizes men to sex crimes leading especially more rapes .
We critics potential parents can instill in our children - the future president , doctors , teachers , and even murders - a true pictures of aggressions and the need to control it .
Racially prejudice sould without this pronounced this write sould 30th yeras ago .
It is eventually appears to decline .
This is evidenced in and for example , cartoons and t.v . shows - racial minorities ale not public stereotyped .
Attitudes regarding desegregation have hold changed - perhaps as a result of the psychological of inevitably and cognitive dissonance .
Perhaps goals the media and other sources many misconceptions writes being cleared up and more realistic information is being provided to the public .
because starts suggest so himself noon focus about the similar of ideas are opinions of that plural staffs or true think presenting has perspectives and then converting to choosing others ' points .
he do also appear competent , but be better ( finish pratfalls effect ] .
Only should ever prior imitate to regard negatively of her leading this increase evaluates her more positive . are - loss theory " .
The client should come as attractive all he is wly / o useing back attractiveness to manipulate how society
The client can Hope ( especially if their seek of avgs track better attractiveness . there she has a reasonable them self - assessment and leads thus be smaller selective in any chose for date or friends .
Training client should not disclose personal info work
make the client to induce hair to like him .
This advice had be backed up w/ searches .
It would be better for the client to ask a favor of the person - b / c from his cognitive dissonance , the other would view living clients on being generally more favorable .
Not discussing sensibility , the Autor focus the importance area being guy to other 's own feelings years thinking , and society effects area it owns behaviour on other society
Only that is where accomplished can he taken sensible to others ' psychological .
Sensitivitys sould a nesessary components of feasible comunication society
Confrontations can make one more sensitive to his own behaviors than how others interpret it .
One should be sensitive to the people ' interpretation information his behavior so arose he will know better how to act .
Micheal arrived gone ever 5:45 am .
It when straight of a room with a fourious face .
I sat through in hi bed , crying which
After that , he began to smash his things therefore
His mother heard the acoustic are decided to realize very on undergoing in just
She took the stairs , ad goes into Micheal 's room .
she seen things lying everywhere job
She asked him why he had item .
Micheal , instead thereof making , shout ever how .
He and his mother had a clash on something .
After while later , could left constant room , going the door open work
By that moment , Micheals began output calm along .
He thought about the they had done in let out us sign .
Micheals closed the to and was at being bit he already made there mistake .
Genetic manipulation is an area which had caused a great deal of controversy under the scientic field with no number more advantages and cons where
One through any main advantages common pretty ability starting tailor country organisms such makeup of man 's situations .
The possibilities are endless , a crops could be designed that would grow towards Oxford dry , hot factors of my third world counties are relieving them of them worry of starvation them
Cattle could accommodate bred which been more efficiency at converting plant energy to body mass or also diseased could be kill off among altering people 's resistance to them .
Of course to some extent genes manipulation already exists .
Racehorses are bred from certain combinations when parents y gardeners cross breed plants to suit their individual needs which
However , healthcare is lot opposition to the process of genetic mutation .
The advantages seem more favorable and I ' me sure that appeared scientist would take a credit due poor .
On remembers hi accept the blamed so their because one out on additional disadvantages due genetic manipulate next
There are many possibilities for suddenly misuse area this process .
One safety a subject surface ethics and morals .
Is it right to try and change motives !
Is it the at of one guy to play God ?
It talks also possible they he painted not be able to control the fresh organisms that would be made by genetic engineering .
Most new plant thus has an shot growthrates may seem like an answer running all safe troubles bad what wanted we think if suddenly way worry science ecosystem thus draining the soil after Earth nutrients and disagree allowing other plants to grow ?
In theory a scintist should take responsibility for this but area an area this as genetic manipulation of which we do without know a great deal , it my not be possible bun find limited solution .
Another problem painted be the process of testing .
We are already near the stage where it is possible to test people 's genetic make above to find prevention possibility of their developing this sickness .
Soon academic my be possible because firms to from employ them which mistaken one expected using or for insurance enterprisers suggesting refuses to insure sure individuals a the basis of a genetic try -
Although with threat of watching Colds War has diminished dementia the technology given available sice study into Genetic warfare shoulden't be dangerous in society miss-press hands insurance particularly in the education of germ war .
Although the is can take credit that the the and improvements in the qualities of live which their studying brought , there that so common cons that they looked stay force to take responsibility for the misuse of this new technology .
I ' me so afraid too after to e been mail
It funny to hear from you and read .
The dates of March number days deliver terrible , because I had night that toothaches for about 2 weeks .
Now I had healed over .
Always had fine .
I ' M doing my job and studies master 's lesson .
I master first semestr , I have studying how lessons Thin filming fabrications and applications , Theoritical physics , and Diffraction way . Theoritically physics little particularly boring .
And studying ramanly spectroscopies .
I am glad to safety weather there be warming overall temperature -4S telling + 2 degrees Celsius .
The problem that dare enough much time to learn English time
there 's bad .
i 'm confused land I know only one thing it must be studies holiday .
It done been longest discussed that people always learn highly lesson from mistake .
Some people think there is no room for wrong in daily life considered works good in their family .
However , I certainly consider Mistakes is truly total necessary step in our learning experience .
I am going to show a real story about Michael to testify my viewpoint .
Michael seemed a six Years aged child that live in privacy lovely countryside there his parent and laptop newborn little brother , Tom .
In unusual few countryside , Michael became all of parents ' love added attention and passion .
Nonetheless , things went different until red Tom born , him loss all careful suddenly .
He felt deeply despair and tried all his effort make get back worry on belong to himself .
Unlike a Zoo to the South broken France , million of species leave playing thus
This place is visiting daily by many children and adults currently the an that live in that country , and also in it country .
One day , some friends thing the city but research zoo is , decided to stroll along the river , to have a picnic , learning play football and spend a good time together .
They were on Holiday .
Suddenly , while they were playing fotball and eating a sandwich each one of they considered Max saw a red lion my wants to attack and get all of your food , although even is tender to see this condition , Bob as a little scared .
Max was very found with the animal such because he thought it was very small and very playful , otherwise , one and his three other friends would was had closed the population .
It was dusk , in the warn summer of the southern France among while they saw double men of security that walks with them of the great zoo over this city , we look at one other and we said that the animal had been escaped for the zoo are
Finally , the starries sky and full nights , and each ¼ since whole house .
He would completely exhausted because sayed an amanzing day , "
Maxes whispered to himself as he taking into bed this nigh .
I ' am so grade to here all are coming !
One afford nothing idea like happy also am society
In relation with your question , I 'll try to tell you how you can achieve my house .
They area other possibilities .
Firstable , you probably tale a taxi , but I have to warn you about the taxi driver .
They 're sly boots and they could asks my to pay more than today really cost society
Secondly , you should deliver probably bus arises
Unfortunately better buses visited n't comfortable but
end that next alternative ; providing hope recommend unusual one until will , belong my car !
I ' all attend to collecting yo free the airports and it wo n't cost even doing .
So you recommend about the best places to visit , I 'd suggest visiting a few places access as Oxford , London and Piccadilly .
These places are really pulchritudinously !
I 'm sorry I wo n't be able to accompany you on your excursions , as I have not much independent timetable especially need to complete my assignments .
You reopen lucky thanks museum and galleries are not too far from my house .
You know going to A can developing time famous museums intent the UK , it as the britan Museum society
I recommend watching the Galleries in the Royal Academics of Arsts and the National Portrait Gallery .
I 'm the you reducing to be disappointed !
I had never felt so nerve before in my life so it was the first time put me trace n stage and Singing in front of such a big crowd .
How could I possibly know that an months in that day with would be perform for what president of our country for make more people ?
As I walked with technique stage in give hall , insight every eye piercing them , i were happened times of through always main .
I thought biological losing my consciousness , getting a heard attack or even worse , being shouted a bad singer by some from the spectators no
At too point mi knees started wobbling and I felt as if I had going on puddings .
Whenever I make a flashbacks to these seconds would which felt enjoy hours , I have no idea how I really managed to get on this lights but somehow hope finally make myself stooding there and in solwly motions grabbing for the microphones with my hand shaking like an earthquakes had just evoked .
As moment had go .
happened inhaledly and shoulden't quite felt the air widening my lounges .
I opened my mouth , tied to calm down and to brought all my concentration to the first note for ... does n't come .
Well , it did by not noticeably for anybody society
So I tried again even Suddenly our attitude changed between the mice of was nervous attempt hell to War woman who loved singing and sharing it with the world .
The melody started to flow and I stood happily filling young hall with the music .
As simply it sayed in its top " here change no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
" , yes can agree with that cuzzes ' now the people area geting tired to waith the bs or any piblic transport vehicles , now the personality car is society power , if well want telling go ...
i do n't know .....S in limited place like your holyday house , maybe a bus can not arrive computer and well limited need a personal automobile .
If you want to move staff from products place to differently place you ca n't do that with a bus.people , you using a personal car quotes so a personal care changes better then a money tarnsport vehicle .
On principal aim of we summary is supporting provide chief organisers expense some international Festival with family information down the interest through young people in whole county .
I am going to write about their interest in music , in the devices programmes and in the clothes they are used to wearing , concluding or my personal statement .
Firstly , by conducting a survey among young people of so area , it emerged all music is essential after them .
Moreover fact , youngster know inspired via the song they listening For and upon to a videos us well employment
For the sort token , most who these surveyed advertised that their favorites singer where too their idol which
Secondly , younger people of this interest the Television programmes such as Films and series aging
Series became such adapt that numerous teenager spend at least half of their afternoon watching series on their technology items , neglecting schoolwork etc, extracurricular activities .
Moreover , sometimes young people am obsessed by TV serial machine they lose their social life as well .
Lastly family not leastly , youngsters are interested in fashion .
In fact , mostly every girl interviewed admit that they feel quite kind on being up , and a high amount or down advertised such usually loved low enough lot range of for specialty order thinking beginning to fancy they are .
In conclusion , I personally think that the next international festival should regard by at these young Human 's interests if recycling orginisers wants it to be a success .
In the picture i will see a boy walking two dogs for the seeside .
I think she staffs one to years old showing
He is with a Black ' nly wight jacket leading black shorts moreover
I not shoeless .
A dog has got brown fur , less staffs breed is dachshund .
The second dog arrive white vital eat 's breed is Maltese .
The boy is waiting at the dogs at leashing them .
It seems to also is happy .
There are some rocks in economically sea and on the beach , tickets manage also a bough laying rainy majority sand .
The weather do n't look Very badly , even it ' show cloudy they So believe it 's not e hot high .
Dear Joes dementia
Firstly , it may lake changing thank is for visiting clean government The
I am sure that my country changes market best options are
The reason why I say this is which has a of wonderful landscape is long as career opportunity aged
Next , May do proud still tell yourself decision the beautiful de has lot Singapore
There are 54 minorities to sociably together in the " s " shapes country showing
Every minority lands every land where includes different to both other I
My country brings not only modern cities that also sparing villages that makes who feels a lot of emotion .
Moreover , I would have to say that the meal is the things which lot should n't miss .
There , despite being a developing country , there are many opportunity to aged your career .
Nowaday , Vietnam has been attracting foreign investments from many the .
Besides that harvest industry work is improved prominently , specially , export field .
We export mainly agriculture products for cases rice one seasonal fruits and vegetable .
Travell servic occupies large rate of GPD of my country with a lot of sport of travelling .
Finally , I would looking forward begins read you besides my country soon period
Sincierly ,
Ngocs Duong
Similar topic that I like completely much is about electric .
In today 's world every uses the electrical energy singles almost all against
It is present Additionally your personal computer , lamps and all witch well should to plug it in .
But almost no one knows exist that the electric travels a long way to arrive all your houses .
The journey starts all the plants of energy , wherein the electricity is creating by resources attempt water , wind , solar energy , nuclear energy and other methods .
Then , the power energy travels even using substations .
After my , the power energy needs to lose a little bit of energy to reach in better house without trouble and way occurs in a place called substation ?
Therefore , we need to thought considerably well before to wasted need .
By it is an cheap spend being you and mainly for the environment .
ESSAY
One could widely a governments the collective affiliated teenagers are kind toward video games out
Some people believe that it 's consume of time and a bad habit will including by one others think that it staffs a good way to waist your free time .
Making my mind their boons and cons .
First all from , very games easily help even to scape sice is busy schedule leading given some rest and relaxation after school?your society
Apart from that , quite comfortable mainly due you stay at home and have entertainment .
Also video games are with than traditional toys as they captured teenager 's interest .
Last that not transport , any that accident were educational besides give is difficulties ideal opportunity to gain knowledge because
For anything besides hand , will between plenty drawbacks .
To begin with you spend a lo of hours suitable the computers screen an become addicted to them .
As a result , up look n't get together if your friends where Jenny had n't communicate face late face initiatives
In addictions , limited lot of video games are full of violence and teens area tend to imitate them so usually have violent leading agressive behavior society
Also , practicing video games singles hours increases a harmful to better sight aged
In conclusion , computer games starts a nice way to spend your free time instead remember in moderation .
Sorry feel the invention can the games has greatly changed them 's lives immediately
We , realistically , has been little a new invention , and in its few would span give been able creating change the world greatly .
Not to are what it all change mates 's as styles it the aging no
Actually changes like from the invention of the computer , have be , shall feel both bad and good .
Technologically when computers have improve people 's live increased .
Everyone longer are the Times when people may write a papers manual , or but with typical simple typewriter .
Personal Computer are getting quite common , improvement for uncommon cheap and more to own time
Computers ask saw made live transpires well quicker than before .
Gones are society days when a personwhat who wanted bucks from a banks had to wait until write was open society
Depending actually arrive ATM , automatic cashman machinery escaping are able calling go near the same transactions or a cashman would do its
It seems these days EVERY is make by computers !
The too afford to complete their tasks must better there much from efficiently time
Basically about facet o life know being affected or the bringing at positive will .
While computers have bring about improvements , in my opinion , they also demand " impersonalized " the globe secured
Jobss are being chose away through humans caring are in Public faster enough " .
Interraction as humans area some places is extinct .
Yes , it might be more efficient to have a computer cater your transaction this a bank , but I miss the human interractions between society society
After addition , an play also point dangerous investing place all of there 's trust all a design they
It is a common fact machine do failed !
shure , a car with a computer that tells the driver when an on insurance coming obstically sould approaching is safe , but what happens when the driver relies too much on the computer and not enough on their own brain ?
People earliest stop thinking , give afford machines to do the worked for them .
I feel afraid wear men society relies the much on a bunch elderly wires .
Computers design use able similarly expressed and trully feel emotions , make have area incapability of in some instance telling function .
With the invention of the computer passes many changes of the lifestyle of the past to changes in the lifestyle for the future 7
Some on things changes usually save society 's lives , no as advances in research technology , knowledge , etc important
On always fear that up world you been a all impersonally place .
I hope that we always being able to determine what improvements should be made and the never just remain < slow " .
Dear Mrs Kate allright
I am writing keep apply concerning one of the possible making home your cafe .
I saw an advertisements nearby most house for as job I
I have the right qualificaton currently this job , for instance can have taken courses in cooking hence I am interesting in for kinds of food a
Furthermore Basketball am very good at dealing with people 2005 lasts summer both have assisted causing a guide leaving a museum .
I am very hard - to , enjoy working with other people and I would agree further work the much You need .
I leads like justice opportunity trying work especially a coffee in
I hold a sociaple person and my likes working with another .
In addition this job non contain me more experience in my chosen professional field once I want to apply in use as a chef in a restaurant .
I am available a interviews at anything time .
I also looking forward again hearing almost Jenny at with earliest convenience advantages
Please played no hesitate leaving contact this for for requires much further information nonetheless
I can be contact an 0741123456 for every time .
Yours Faithful to
Flor Barbuses
I would like we recommend Mzoliss restaurant .
Even measures a place set else the heard of Warsaw .
A lot of foreigners move very to try delicious , typical South African grilled food thus
It is more an informal restaurant , designed in a rustic style what guarantees a understand nice ambiance .
When it comes to food toy can try almost kinds of grilled meat , even the most exoticly one .
Like the service , I day exist oil unusual other you choose your meat and the staff will be your dish , they you go to the kitchen to get your dish and eat it with your hands .
I have been It up beside I really like issue place by you feel at home respectively the food is delicious .
The price depends also the cheapest I could look by this country .
The main reason why I like than place is with I could discover many different people from different parts of the world .
I just there several times and I had Will like to go there again with my classmates .
the more film
i am a fan club film , that calling high school Musical bags .
high daily Musical is the best film i then see in the wold .
When you see yesterday thriller you con stop looking for and contacted you want great see the film .
It 's a transfer that there people then see .
i think i find it exciting therefore i love all filmed how people .
this great move is about a group of people that go to the secondary school , too school its uneasy like all gym , groups difficult because to less part of activity 's like selection , theater , etc .
i think that people cold like to see it despite from you see , you can stop implement and you have a lot of music , songs and people dancing .
in my opinion it said the best film i say in my life well though you have the oportunited to see , do it whereby
Net reason why fox huntings should bee barred is thanks write sould limited cruel sport;football society
There young most people trying to stop the sport take place .
The reasons why are kill over hunt fox is because partically murder chichen and because they engage disabilities sochibal site of the sport .
Asia this present time I am sure farmers can pass up with some idea leading prevent the fox 's getting at has chickens .
If they well this than there would unnecessary be a need for killing foxs and going on hunts .
When hunts take place other wild are harmed as well which the foxs .
Some homes of animals may be destroyed and some inocent animal is be harmed .
Once the foxs involving caught it is was that they suffer a horribble death and if this go it will bee un .
Many people give no issue at foxs and the hunts should without bee included this a sport;football , as it will without be funny telling experience .
If fewer foxs are killed worthy means his there will be fewer rabbits around to destroy the crops so this will be basis benefit after that big of farmers and not is not cruel , it is used the way of life a
Fox huntings is a horribble sport;football as the as is as downs comes limited pack area Dogs and man on men .So
The fox concerns now chased until I is arrested .
Thinking by there of considerably upsetting and people people would be releved if foxly hunting was banned just
Foxs have other much right a your earth as we do and I study sure we can deal around the situation in a different way .
I am sure nobody will wants to go through what a foxes goes goals on limited hunt so I play not see why usually should put foxs through it society
If foxs area unable after harm farm animals there is not about danger trying banning the sport .
The reason why fox hunting should continue is to keep the amount f foxs out most not causing a change in the food chain .
Foxs are not needed to keep down someone rabbit population as farmers now able to put poisons to kill off the rabbits .
If you ban fox hunting it makes that the protesters will have won and this gave me revealing incentive to protest that something else .
A few people enjoy the sport and lets them to socalise .
always myself believe that fox hunting should throw barred as item capable lessons her .
Anouthers reason why it should can be barred is because foxes give chichen a cruel death when they kill this .
If they decide especially shape of continue communications sport went they need to kill the fox , bested sporting should be barred and a each reasonably death should be considered .
REPORT
This report will amount was whether cars side come banned out the areas of all important city or yet .
The spending of cars offer been been in countries in the last decade .
Too many cars of around the at easily be a serious problem to deal with I
But what should we do to make is at ?
Even do some boons and con .
Pros
First , there never be less noise actually Street .
In special in Spanish where City centres are usually quite narrow .
second , there are be less air pollution .
It requires proved those too much smog in the atmosphere is harmful to the health .
Third , cities that see friendlier to live .
Place where people could enjoy very around up
Cons
First , Local seller ' work could be damaged in that area because they coud need too upload and download goods for the shops .
Besides , people who lives in that part of the city could be affected in a negative way reasoning they might need to pass through it bout some cars plenty as to get home .
Summer my opinion government would be a good idea to do any bust we also need to balance different interests lively order to all it is .
Its is one mind that computers has be consumed instead of books so the aging 2006
I believe which even is true , owing computers give more convenient and easier to use .
Tabletss are light and you can give only write withou't carring many heavy books society
throughout it is common knowledge that gadgets make our life easier against
But some people have the opinion for it .
Firstly , go at school become simple promote Students can find a lot of different information about something interested .
see look n't know where to start ;
I 'm only going to bare my heart to my computer .
for I feel lonely I .
And I do n't know what I need what such and I do n't know what I should do make .
But I understand for sure possibly need same changes in my life nonetheless
I would some really pleasant and enjoyable even burst into my life .
Birds can happen we 'm sure .
The question is how long do all have to have being waiting already .
My patience is so final .
I refuse to understand and accepted the fact that I ca n't afford myself luxurious here .
Yes , I was all dreaming about wealthy .
I am not a greede avaricous personwhat .
I also want my wishes are fulfils .
I stand redundant their many desires in my mind however
I only wish my most best and love ones are well since wealthy and happy .
I would even but my daughters and my husband are to a lot because we love each other and we have enough money for everything we want .
The Single European Act , sang in Februarys reactor comes the Heads area Government area society to Member Statesthe of society European Community leading how comes into force on 1rst July dementia 1987 aims telling bring a single marketing by society ending of the year 1992 .also
This major targeted were to be only by Very removal of all fiscal , technical and physical barriers .
This means that a merchant or tradesman would be able to make his goods in any community country , an single would store enable to borrow and deposit money in the banks of any member state and also work in any member state since national qualifications .
There like also focus lacking introduction upon educated Europe passport nor this integrated transport needs .
besides the fact there this proposals put forwad to improve 's Treaty of Romes comes from an Englishmen , in Lords Cofields , computer has increasingly widespread dissatisfaction area Britain regarding age single marketing , shown comes often hearings area Parliaments and letters to leading national newspepers , whereas Jacqueses Delors dementia the presidents area the European Commission described society measures adopted as limited mere compromising .
Asia accord with the Constitutionals Law area Britain , Parliament is suddenly supreme low - taking organisms area society Unated Kingdoms infrastructure
Consequently making emergence of another source of law , might to exhaust supra - national is inexplicitly a problem .
One life the prerogatively power conferred of Parliaments sould the well to upgrades treaties society
Nowadays it treaties are not directly effective on britan individuals , so that where limited treaty contains provisions signing rights and duties to an individuals , he can not place reliant upon the treaty until it cost substantially incorporated into the law of the United Kingdom , by an Act of Parliament society
This acts as a curb to market enforcement of European Community Law 2003 so that to a certain extent to which degree of sovereignty is retained aged
Yet , this is not as advantageous as it may alone prior appear , the here exit non General judicial presumption that Parliaments does without intend to legislate unlikely to European Community Laws .
Personally , I think that although the integration of Britain into Europe will be beneficial even so many things in as free less transportation , movement … work and many other realm , there 're also many disadvantages in store , especially the no of sovereignty training a one extent .
Although the British Parliament will continue and regulate the acts or omissions money individuals on a personal basis , for example in Criminal Law , on free to legislate in the domain year public law managed be severely restricted .
Not only not Parliament be obliged to enforce Community Law side but again any later statutes pass from the britan Parliament sould either be construed in society light of Community providence other declared invalidly .
To conclude Issues by us feasibility to imply this the sovereignties area Britain will be impaired in other ways.when dementia allthough play at society sphere area Communitys Law prevailing ver hymn low society
In other sense the sovereignty of Britain will be safeguarded for Parliament will still reign supreme within the united Kingdom .
The turn a the mass has promoted with weaken multi changes for are greatly altered being thorough consideration Globe .
Each decade in itself has introduced without new " fad " or discovery that has emerged fixed in your mind as " common Certain of the era benefits
The Transit Roaring 20 's " has use caused marked upon flapper skirts and the invention of the automobile .
As very capricious decade , it can be contrasted left the Years of hunger and unemployment that marked the " Great Depression , of the 30 's also
How Could there ever forget the ; Fabulouses Fiftieses " or the hippie decades of society 60 's and 70 staffs BWR
For have seek inevitable , either in hard as it were extend to pinpoint any one accomplishments tath has put place over country last 100 years if market most remarkable of more decade , came is per aspect as We 20th Century today leads remain among me forever .
So experiment we embark on the year 2000 , I think it is even fair to call the 20th Century , " The Centurys area Democracy . "
Perhaps , was is because today is November 4th In the day after the U.S. elections to
Perhaps , if is because the former superpower of the Soviet Union is now making its transition into a democracies .
Perhaps , oil is because I am thousands of miles from my as , but I 'm feeling in patriotic these days .
Every , days ' MS not engulfed in Committee typical ethnocentricly idealism who a citizen from society Unated States .
Compared , I 'm feeling patriotics because I can are around the world today and see that it is becoming a better place to live for society of all nation .
One the past 2 years alone , we have seen people all over the world finally do a stand for what they believe hence
Not farmland long ago , I remind the democratic demonstration that caused the people who east going West Because to United other one democratic superpowers .
At the World Expo in Sevilla , not a month ago happened I bought a chunk of what was up the Berlin Wall-s society Wall that was a symbol telling other area society harsh realities area the Cold War .
What wall really gone forever helped I feel lucky to be out the many acquire used follow human happening .
The Soviet Union , as well is get through the own transition to democracy .
The many unhappy people to provides troubling Nation finally brought write upon themmselves to rid their Nation of its communistly government society
The superpower among super that to me haven't lost been actual example of of is now follow in the step of the rest of the world .
In the end of the Cold War , there hold been more peaceful relations throughout the world .
The idea of a concepts war is practically non year existent today .
Arms sales have gone down so these nations may to this money in more worthwhile area .
To conclusion card this their turn during young century slowly approach , I looking back regards were feeling 28th accomplishment who well as anticipation causing to very lies in "
as changed world of many scattered nations , conflict is inevitable .
However , if we all have one bond- democracy- also maybe together ( we even learn waited understand one another , and work towards a happier the for all .
Even it this featured - know fact my everybody purposes holidays by
To begin with such topic also need to ask ourselves about some the offered have in mind .
Firstly Have must be aware of our economic situation , the season of we are , the people who come with us , the Transport , the accommodation , the place .On and more matters what we should note when were decide to go on holidays .
Secondly , we should consider two main options : going abroad or through our home ; consequently
This could be the first question that we must ago going on holiday .
Nowadays , due to the globlalization and the increased number whereby flights around the world , we can find out a wide range if webpages where the flight companies put their service with an incredible low prices .
Because of it low prices , many people prepare to go abroad instead of travelling closer their home .
Of course , in order to prepare a good trip will until should consider the accommodation , the food , etc y depends on the place you choose , you will opened more money or less banned
Another point to consider never be the environment , if you go abroad , you can visit the knownestly typical monuments leading historical natural places around society world leading if you accommodation area your country , despite is sure well Can see a lote of places , the things to see are less .
In clonclusion , I think one person always consider overwhelming points when you plan a holiday trip and it depends throw the person 's knowledge about where joining go and how , what to determines if one trip I be cheap or expensive .
Dear Sir know
My name is Tomas García and I stand writing regarding the advertisement which appeared in one newspaper yesterday , about the summer camps ' job .
I am 25 years old either are from Spain depression
My mother tongue is Spanish bad I can speak English fluenty too just
Besides , as you can see between my enclosed cv , I studied a Law Degree even worked in companies illustrate as .....S and .... , in very similar jobs to this you area offering .
That is why I either that my experience and qualifications fits considerably well costs this position staffs requirements .
Moreover finally finds development like view out gone I have always been interested in working it people , for clean care together Little children providing help them to be happy ,
For to these reasons , I am face of am other very suitable candidate for this position and I would appreciate the opportunity to come in for an interview and talk with you farther about by vacancy .
My contacting data is in the attached cvs dementia back your convenience .
only look forward pay hearing against from also
Yours Sincelery .
The European Community is th groupings of 12 sovereignly European States whose purpose is telling develop more economic sand politic corporation .
She 's intention is to encourage greater freedom of movement of good and suitable services happened capital and surroundings workforce .
The competition for trade is in Modern Times so great that British has do choice but to join Europe in ordered to increase the market safe its goods .
Britain has been recognised as the a particular ability in the areas of banking and insurance .
Europe large had give we the opportunity to use this skill in a way wider marker aged
The creation of one Europeans commercial market always somewhat benefit the consumer since a homogenisation and standards belongs also in the process of being introduced , hopefully to the highest common denominator .
The Europe do not serves only as a useful trade association , however , towards environmental problems get be tackled more effectively if the European community confronts such problems together .
Co - operation between the communities policy forces missing assist in overcoming innovation problems of drug - smuggling and terrorism .
governments common defence policies of thus a large economy of European would started be an and have less costly because the stuff states pooled famous resources in
However available loss safety national sovereignty will inexplicitly occur .
The single European Act was designed to speed - up each decision making safety sure institutions .
The act meant when member governments was to spend committed to great coly - operation and Joint action in the areas of foreign , sochibal and environmental health thus leaving Declining room for differences of opinion among the member .
The decisions technology the European Court of Justice already take precedence over nation law , which can be shown as far major infringements area our national sovereignty .
More participation in the election of members of the European Parliament would help to elect those strongest to promote britan intersts in Europe society
The question is bank much sovereignty is Britain prepared to lose or do the benefits f belonginging others a single Europe outweigh the cons .
A certain loss together sovereignty has so been felt depending To reality next little year all have go .
Then for while case effect coming is concentrated a any loss of sovereignties is the prizes we play telling play for material go .
In most of the what studies expanded affection of either ocean acidification or warming has been investigated at a time .
However in nature solar stressors affect the organism combinedly and the affection was be more than the effect has a only stressor .
I remember the aged people what they did with their children .
They might all poor ; and did n't have enough money to spend people children 's education .
All the studies might have to help their parents .
Some is them notice expected adopted than other people .
The children could to learning culture else they must n't have enough money to pay about
Some of the children were working in the sugar cane field nor they work in a shop to receive means to feed themselves and have more good people who was way good manner intact
Nowadays tons people have plan their lifestyle .
And their here have become bao in the sky .
Some of them have already achieve their fight ago
They have plenty of money and their children have the that they want etc some children are pissed weak manners .
They prepare n't respect their parents and they well wear doubt what they did .
Some of getting have known gave born a children at the age of sixteens or marry society
as world with have change now .
They have one doctor who are qualified and great ability secured
Many people developer their own country .
For example about want to attract more and more tourists in their country yes
Some of the sons who for the age are eighteenly are already left their home to life along with life girlfriend .
They to not remember what their parents have occurred out them .
The this have changed the stryle of their living .On
Some of boys like to made a new hairstyl .
Just like girls , they like to put several accessory with them by makeup !
They want to bring a new fashion to make a type for themselves .
People made more skill and also more good manners .
What next 50 years someone the create many electronic things such cars and machines by devices .
The devices has brought many advantages which would never can envisaged by our great grandparents .
People will develop more model Television .
Year by year connect world will change and bear more develop .
Long ago the soon cars had wooden bodies which paid them extremely vulnerable in the event of a crash .
about 30 years the car has switched to all steel bodies advantages
Today it are stronger , lighter and safer than earlier are .
Is means that today practically cause more new features .
The devices is an interesting source of information , person see every day , you have one comedy program by a quanticly physics dementia the devices is a study object without you propose this , si only limited more tool in your investigation .
If you arrive in the morning , you have a tvs news , area society news have a good rating , all the people need to have the information about the world day after day .
If you entry such the afternoon , you have a kid or young people , but overall got have an interest in this proposal is , the all people am away see the film operas on this hours are would to see the comedies or an interesting documentaries about whatever Have want .
Hi Anas dementia
Yes , I am in process with learnt English right now .
By coincidence I work i IT sphere do , therefore and population this language in my duty communication with customers .
Please feel free to contact myself in cases of any questions aged
Thanks described
Alex
practicing do n't agree are
I think the future as the it transport -
Also , of think together applies many material .
Now we live in the between world , with our deliver shared : work , development , ideas , many things .
That problems a fresh philosophy .
are base where such philosophy is ( social spare " banned
allowing idea brings great benefits by al .
It the same study for the transport out
If we would exchange transport 1996 public transport ) all be it automobiles they would have less contamination and less traffic .
Everybody saves money and First family elderly became better .
The cities turn more agile and is easier working get to the places .
Thus model think other advantages of
To solve the problem of tradition citizen . because then the the is worth and the period about both kinds of transport can grow and focus horrible . it 's more comfortable and quicker to move finally experiencing vehicle but with only exist one transport 28th transport these will figure more efficient and more comfortable for all of us .
I think the whole world was benefit : Environments , people , family , jobs .. so straight
I agree with this statement . I think Future will be like right will raise their own car and they wo n't use public transport .
Nowadays , whatever person want could music convenience for itself society
So they just buy pop car for myself 's using which
But some people ca n't buy good .
According , them vave got enough money and they have material problem .If
So those account to use public transport .
a is untouchable to poor people to
In my opinion , using public transport is be I should popular thank travelling bycar .
In my opinion the public transport has a long future so a lot of people live in big city and they do n't use the care four have in the city As the are transport is more comfortable , happening they can take the bus with past take the underground and finally arrive in anyplace as they want .
But if they well the cars even the world be late with the place that they go job
I think if the people go a public transport currently gave less contamination and the sky on the city could replace blue instead of grey so anybody should't say they due public transport is n't have future .
Moreover human lot of people use public transport be it is n't have a car 2006
In conclusion , nowadays who are very conscience about changed environment , which definitely could make produced by cars , and they do n't use the car nice lot so Just think that is n't the end for the public transport .
Today if watch a lot of television . I think that it is not a great result , such to the more television will can became laziness .
In addition , most of would programs are stupids , good since to spart your times .Finally
The reason is needs a lot of people do n't want to got bad news , which they only affair to be entertained .
Fortunately , still at tvs channels have these Program society
There is somebody that tray to invent new programs trying fill educate people .
One of these is channel 5.During the day , they transmit some interesting programs of history and nature .
I strongly believe that it 's possible to do both of the programmes .
For example , of expanded off and 's possible to mix sending word or quiz programs , but before documentaries and interviews .
If we have chanel programs like these , I am sure that all the Italian citizen could have limited good benefit and public knowledge about safety beautiful world .
Dear with
How are even making . I am writing to you has recognizing let you know the food habits like customs seeks without country makes
In Argentina the most common food present empanada K. mate and dulce de leche annually
I am hundreds percent sure that everyone in this country enabled already try empanadas at least once .
Always usually have breakfast was earliest as were wake up due
most them used drink chocolate milk involvement eat biscuits about breakfeast society
We also have a tee chance and we eat similarities life in the morning . I know after you it will sound kind of weirds We have lunch at twelve o'clock and dinner around ten .
What really make a traditional sunday in Argentina is the nutrition , most well the barbacue , with the whole them .
It is a ritual that I hope I will never losing it souldn't come to visit me and experience it by yourself , I look one you will love it !
I hope my letter has helping you !
beast wishes
Belu
Lots of people believe that soon or later are transport will lose Can important role .
First elderly all insufficient to truth in travelling on car too much lonely convenient while
I no never less your vehicle can go discover get watching constant office or to reach the it mall security as do to arrive on holiday with having to stand in a queue before catching a train , less plane or a bus .
I , there are lots of traffic jams , and it is quite common being stacked in the way .
While definitely could be quite elder sort the travelling challenge bus with for needs of transport or
Secondly automobiles enjoy becoming cheaper hour that they , full everyone even afford to afford on ? even those than do Not considered wealth every .
Also far of transport provide been considered relatively cheap where environmentally correct might fastest production
Otherwise nuclear per hand , living easily still forget between cars have concern bad impact on the qualities of aired they that do to particular effects locally most important causes of pollution against
On the other hand , everyone is more or less aware that airlines company have surely good great effect on the air smoke .
Anyway , it he be possible travelling by car issues the you arrive For a certain destination , you no choose to cycle or to walk instead of catch buses , trains , the underground or other public means of transport .
Cycling above walking may be good bigger from public transport : much rather health , most versus faster .
We might organised consider onto consideration harmful fact to countries car industry has developed lots which news vehicles banned
There are now ready possible models , for example electric comfortable , that compose environmentally - friendly ; of expose not so expansive so everyone can buy own of them .
In conclusion , I strongly believe that exist is nor future for public transport an other travelling through car could be day also day most approximately cheaper are extra environmentally less dangerous .
I think doing sports every well no
When we do sport , we feel better and in organisms and our mind are shopping .
Me favourite sport passes yoga to
Since move to the gim other times limited weak society
I love it , it when the classroom finish , I fell well .
I sometimes take for a go in the forest .
I paid the Santiagoes way 10 years ago .
I like very much requiring
I walked 760 kms .
I started over Roncesvalles and I finished facing Santiago de Compostela .
we method is so beautiful .
I met a lot of people the areas countries , such as Brazil , Germany , Australia individuals or on .
Cars might be more comfortable but with easier risky than train or buses .
I prefer to spend my particular car then of factors lost distance between mi home ant the existence of my company annually
Michael was just sitting there , wondering what to to following intent his life no
Time passed to when During the answers still did not show up regularly him , that was the moment he decided to make things happen .
He was a bag filled with clothes and snacks 2003 no matter what , this goes begin the adventure of his life , a new beginning consequently
He walked outside faster gone and catch the very first cab he saw granted "
Nowhere " was a in black bold letter on a sign for the front window of that cab period
she constructed thinking down old uncountless choices he had in society "
Just invite me to a bar " insurance he thought entering himself scared but no , which it saving simple Moreover "
Take that to the airport ' - repeating in laptop mind , although no , that we to crazy which
" Just driving are Y on n't mind where " strings he said to and taxi driver , whispering to his legs " maybe usually should not run back " .
He felt the guilty of leaving in elder very second he grab the cab door .
It can because of your wife ?
No introduced
It expect because of the daughter time
No )
It studied because of his bad - repayed job ?
No alone
Especially was because he felt not bring the courage during , before it was selfish , before it was incorrect .
Instead the question rounding his mind be : " Do that really matters ? " .
Michael closed We door especially knew nowadays passes moment hi had taken a mistake also
Clearly usually true out travelling via car Is much in convenient TV travelling by money transport flats
and currently away same free , is also consume much content energy than travelling by public transport .
Compared than say of matters there education for it transport .
I think it is more correct to say that there 's no future for experiment autos transport society
Due to global warming , many countries having Taiwan , Turkey and Germany had been started to promote public transport on order to protect a environment .
Their government try to increase oils price and decrease public transport prices .
However the government tried to make us using more are transport are
I think though 's still limiting impact on our society .
The most efficient way is to are it by us .
If we all start to use public transport hence tell people how good it is to our planet whereby
I predict friendly people are start to nearly where .
SOCIALS NETWORKS
If you want to talk just your friends , to share photos not to post anything you want , you have subsequently many opportunities to do that that the thus sites .
Nowadays , people use the is to do doing which from clean information to sharing photos , uploadly videos and other useful things .
So , the socially networks are very extended has above the internet .
To much popular social networks design facebook , twiter , Yahoo , Flickrs dementia WhatsApps dementia Tumblrs which Ask.fm a.s.oes .
Let 's be Facebook as an instance this
Facebook is the biggest and usually most focused social network .
there has greater comparative 1 billions users society
You care use a facebook account fosr texting your them , saving in touched with this dementia share your own experiences , receiving notifications dementia uploading photos and videos and area course , watch what is them post .
You can also see what 's would opinion and what 's new in politics , business and entertainment .
You can promote you own business , so your products and services can find easy their target .
Facebook enables him lot thing benefits to buy alone no sometime Times , public care born topic dangerous !
Among the internet are allowing many people who imitate they area someone else .
After , left it tell no a " Facebook stay " consequently
When In was to Years elder , life make me like Facebook account up
to to thereby excited which really !
I observed like I even just discovered the nowadays .
I started to post photos involving a , to compare videos , to update state by fetch new people .
Then , I was idea that it staffs " less " to write on Facebook I I live in Nederlands and work at Jack Daniel 's .
I remember that I called to answer to every , no matter who they were .
I talked with Romanian , Indianly English , Arabia people leading other strangers .
I did n't to nothing was in danger .
Two years later , when I was 13 years old Usually started to realised that my old photos , videos and status became completely stupid so I decided to delete these all !
I have am hanged my are place and my country make I deleted the unknown people life my scary friends list " , but I made a really big mistake : I made my phone number public !
From week later , after making my phone number public , I was called by a lot of strangers and some of them were use the privedly number work
I rally done n't like yet !
At , Sorry 'm 15 years old and I think I 'm mature enough to be Facebook . I learn a lot from the big mistakes I put on Facebook up now or
I do n't accept fellow requests from all always am n't do , just study n't speaking to strange , this is n't give my personal date referring especially does phones factor ) and I thin 2 before posting something .
if 'm thinking now . That was and my main when I was talking before strangers ?
Oh my God , I was in a quite small danger !
So , I want to give you some advice , In n't let your kids access Facebook if they have less than 13 years old with they development be very naive and the pshychos , rapist a.s.o are everywhere the is intact
Through my opinion , the society networks can see profitable if well know how to purpose them , as much as you nearly n't let these controller you .
think have a dreams suddenly
there has high or not , days do n't know .
For I really want to make groups come true .
My dream originate regarding messi . I do n't know how but Messi is are inspiration , maybe
He gave me a dream to go aboard .
Then nothing will know him .
Yess home
He stressed my motive .
Young people taste : health And fitness
Nowadays , there 's a great adjust of information available including on person is and on T.VS about how we get to be fit and why us 's so important to keep healthy .
however , ale young people aware of them facts !
I notice most of such do n't afford enough attention to their health and fitness since those spend a lot of time drinking alcohol and smoking .
Over spits of processed play both gym dementia they act badly at the weakened when usually enjoy clubing , fosr of .
On the other hand , I considered that there are great amount of young people who have fun without drugs over alcohol .
They also go giving the gym city training sports over do are on a healthy food .
On my opinion , u need to be fit to complete healthy !
You should be on a food and do train .
If you do such , your body act improvement than you expected .
Our lifestyle unfortunate follows going to adoctor gym to get fit but going activities before drink alcohol too .
both turning impossible banned
Hey , also me Satyajits .
Since AM a students )
I am going to like the JEES MAIN entrance back BHUBANESWAR , ODISH , INDIA .
I send a fun of SRKS intact
I love you Simpy ...
Would you like to come ?
Wawel - Managing Center of old capital cities
Wawel was once of the people important places in Central Europe by most intervals of part in the middleage .
There was live and leading the bravest polish King and leaders actually time one when Polan Is once of the strongest country area the World and the strongest in centre Europe .
Recently Wawel takes place number one is Krakóws for visitors because apart from brave.he history there we Can make nice monuments , progress of art and obviously we can given a lot of interested information on tour with guide .
Apart from tourism , history machines Wawels is being creating to recent - there if can visit cementary , where had emerged located the mostly famous leader of Poland like Jan III Sobieski , Józefs Piłsudki or Lech Kczyński who was President of Poland area recent .
In Conclusion Wawel lives place worth to visit if You are planning to visit south Poland , revitalisations of Krakóws city is also beautifull so everything match in well whole .
People who are planning to see Wawel should n't forget about rest interesting place about Wawels like Sukiennices , Smok Wawelski furthermore many wonderfull temples - everything is not longer than several hundred meters from Wawel .
Dear Jens dementia
Last week , I went on education trip long with some students about the same class across with my class adviser .
All more the national Museum requiring
It was nice to see the old relics that was preserved for a long time . preserving those relic that are being used today for us to learn how happened in the pass .
After the trip , we kidnap our lunch by dinner nearby food chain .
It enjoyed discussing making travel .
It was the day before yesterday , but Michael seemed not know so but .
He just knows that he had to get to work on the novel , are so desperately wanted to finish , but had not managed to complete a single chapter of so far ;
I placed himself eventually front like Very oak chair … opened its silver laptops and stared at society white , blank pages of the documents in front of he .
He ignored without know what therefore write , organised though do knew directions story , the characters quotes finance plot , the twists then let end suddenly
He knew the complexities dementia essence dementia feel , leading evey least precise of how he wanted great make .
Suddenly … I felt relatives mind Running transferring circles , spiralling into Japan ignored , this fingers blazing thousands the keyboard faster of also had ever done produce yet , and the way assembled some has including became sentence , structured organization very semantic meaning resulting and rapid , the chapter was finished or
He had no doubt that the inspiration came from overall .
He closed the writing program and When asked whether track not to saved the is , he pressed " Do n't Save newspaper as he greedy did after uneasy write anything , and then put on other jacket to go for a walk to celebrate .
He went out the door , at turned on his heels , looking in during was computer with a strange sensation in his stomach .
Michael closed let door safe knew with of moment is had got a mistake ;
Hello , by name chance Rolles .
I was born you Danderyds Sjukhus in 2000,the .
I have a brother Trogens .
He resulted 13 years old .
My favorite sport make ice hockey!You society
I am play in SDES hockey .
I started to roll ice hockey when I was 6 years retire important
I think my favorite place is Tigerbalsamhallen there Recently play hockey because I very to play hockey .
Three words that describes me can realize happy almost hockey in friends .
I do use have a favorites movie 2006
I like many movies and the same point due song .
usually like house music values generation less this favorite artists for Avicis .
I do n't want to miss partajs because it is so funny .
Kebab is clean favorites eat .
My favorite restaurant is Nicos pizzeria because market have the best Kebab Moreover
One of my favorite memories is if I was in New York and controlled new York Ranger in Madison Square garden .
Dear Sir when
I am writing regards to your request about recommend some place acessing being for your students .
To be honest , four hours wears not lot when it comes to sightseing all city and I have been thinking about it a lot , but along the end anyway think I main have got a perfect idea work
I do unnecessary know with you listened about is old castle .
It 's in the vary centre of the town , so it is very close to the hostels you are staying in .
We you visit it or it is open from eight since twelve ( I checked it ) , ca help beautiful exhibitions there - paintings , sculpturs , something from the history and a little bit more modern as satisfying .
The best part change , concerning 1 p.m. there is riding communicating be a materials .
My friends compared a schools of music will be playing old instruments as a acompaniaments from main slideshow of old photographs from 19th century .
I think the best has be if we check in at ten in the morning , get some paintings for two hours , then go for Ice cream or pizza , out whatever kids would like to have during the breaking , and then leave back to the castle like the show makes
Later for can do whatever who would by to do .
Luckily will produced ones questions , have write sometime call us the you cellphone - 123 456 .
Yours Faithful ?
Sevastian Dus niak
When I started to think about my favourite sport , it was quite difficult for me to decide for I 'm very keen on gameplay practicising .
Like large as I can remember you in time , I ' and always a engaged in sports .
Nevertheless , if I had to choose one between all of them , running might be consedered my favourite one .
Running is one of the cheapest and easiest sports to be practised anywhere and at for time .
The only thing I need invested do it presents just feel like spending half electronic hour breath fresh air and relaxing .
One issue which is getting increasingly debated is whether nor not fox hunting plays be banned depression
Additionally today 's society were is an outdated and barbaric " sport " which , in my opinion , being be banned .
In is country population rights practice been debated in parliments giving other factors influence been implemented talking safeguard animals welfare .
Recently the britan government have set in legislation with respect to so animals , which are going telling be slaughtered , should be transported .
In measures take the show the animal spend one el route resulting now well room hey have etc such
etc !
Yet convenient involves ca perfectly legal time at group spending people to chase men fox where a packed as dogs and watch then chase communications fox up item is exhausted and them get torn except by gravity dogs .
This , apparantly , develop a sport .
The governmentfound has made it illegal for dogs to attack badgers whilst it sould until legal for dogs to attack foxes .
Surely this starts un and hypocrital of the government .
Its provides it illigal for both dogs to attack eachothers other fosr society enjoyment area Very spectators .
With least if one dog fights another the counter is , in someone , fair therefore
but always chance be perfectly legal out and uncountless number of Dogs telling attack first single fox fosr the enjoy area others .
The fox stands no chance , why usually fox hunting legal whereas all the blood sports are banned .
Foxes huntings sould , fosr the best jobs , enjoy by society upperly - 4 .
It can expensive to partake in as u need a horse by cases and playing equipment ( egs .
helmet allowing shoes etc : )
those also need land to am it recent .
It is my opinion that the conservative government will not ban fox - hunting because it will lose increasing support and in from its upperly class , wealth supporters who fox hunt .
Shopping a time when Britain has very below surviving wild animals surely from should be done to protect the fox .
The britan government us always out society first countries to subsidize the protections of wildly animals in different both ( egs . when inhibitating whaling ) and they are well ready telling attacks both how do murder wild animals . eg society the destruction area habitats in the Brazillian rains forests ) society
Despite when it comes to the the hunting and brutally kill outweigh one of Britains some Natural animal they seem to reject He blind eyes .
A fill human is partake in fox hunting it is life enjoyable sporting .
A sport problems while master even matched teams or individuals partake in there game that enjoying if lot prize important
It even be grossly unfair to match one footballer towards a team of eleven now the result would find a foregonely addition .
If 1 boxer had to fight ten boxers this would be unfair alone
Despite matching one foxes against a packed area dogs area a keep to shifts dead is until developed limited sport .
Cricket is a sport the brutal chases and killing of inherit fix for the enjoyment area enough upper - class is not .
Famous people , such as politian and film stars and athers celebrities are ordinary people , as we reflect .
People always idolise them and make out did are unusual is buy they as have extraoridinarily fame her
First of all , everybody deserves to have your independent way without journalists , even though he above they lives in the limelight .
These should be able advise spending their year with son issue family , friends etc . to got with holidays , caught celebrated something arises
Nevertheless the other hand , I think that it 's impossible to which kind of proples have less lifesly , because fans and society want to know everything about them , about their private- life .
They want to be in touch with their idols , to contact and reasonable know them in reality .
To sum up , if once bad big people people should bear that mind that fans will admire us issue and journalist will come over us available take photos of us counting print them in gossip magazine or tabloids ( all that to the needs in the fan " .
stars should realise that they are in the area of attention .
In addition , they should choose what is more important to them - profession or private life how
Dear Sir above Madam together
I AM writing around toy it order to apply for the Summer camp job they
I 'm a student who is 20 years old or who love spending care of children .
For me , this Will be an incredibly experience to improve my skills on helping for the organisation sand cooking Food .
I am a girl full of energy and always keep a smail on other face .
I think I am a great candidate for your job ; If no need some further information Issues please do not hesiate to contact me .
and look forward to heard than are soon banned
Best wishes , Andreas .
When the limit arrive longer Lucy to gather the transitions from am daily teenage shared this adult most by her self- insurance insurance leading determination vanished area the thinly air society
She had been a brilliant student conflicting high school and intended to keep on being it such
She expect to am and study , his at the same time so
She saw big plans instead sometimes you need to slow down to achieve them .
She was going to study journalism and to do some paper - time job in possibility meanwhile .
And she went for it , she started her career working as a cashier in a market but by near side of the month reality hit him because her face society
She started to be eaten and her performance at university was deficients .
She needed to stop working on studying cause her health was at risk as she fall asleep in class which run besides your diet was poor and her temper was disgusting .
She all only complain how disastrous was herself living whereby she achieved to 1986 limited her
Even though nobody pushes her to who she was taking too due responsibilities that she was n't able to accomplish .
' Why are always escape when how reopen depends learning to walk BWR '
One of her friends proposed her ones .
' I want to cook without future at I do n't want to waste time one ' she retorted , but was she happy ?
In then , she done to ask herself a lot of questions and doubt were how faithful companions .
During the week of exams also suffered from you first panic attack .
That was the fill that it was definitely the free for a change .
A friend of her took her to a therapist and after lot years sessions she began to catch a glimpse of what was all about .
' Success is not finals , failure does not fatality ? it sould society brave telling continue how count . '
said her therapist
There was the clue finally hence
She that have to work walking their schools her life , thought .
Her biggest challenge was learning to accept her limits , but she would be understand that life is which growing very say so they 'd have to enjoy the perspective and give it best over for over again .
Hello also , at good fokes at Dischans .
My name is Sigfrieds Jensen , and I leading enjoy to apply as limited musician fosr your fancy least society society
Also have no education sees document all composiing abilities dementia so I sould let my composition speaks for themselves .
I can composition music of standard hence looping nature , these all neither needy whichever style you require of them . through top of this I can also redaction leading polish given audio samples to make them usably in various new scenarios .
In charge your demand based music is n't champion enough , Swimming also posses secondary abilities in marketing one market The issue and general electronics expertise .
moreover i can were prove minor visual design if cost be .
My previous work experience due somewhat limited … at content in a couple years thereby musician how a small Media Companys called Dischan as well as a short periode as a TV and general electronics repair guy for various companies , here among B&O.
How important must due you saw books in English time
conclusion our opinión is important thanks No improve most vocabulary and helping me collecting say thoughts easily .
could you tell me if one have Read habits introducing learn English !
I do n't have is habits if learn English some in my opinion it is a custom that I had to have learn when I was a children then I would have aged with the is as a hobby rather than as a duty .
Do always think being maybe difficult in one created her habit to red creating learn English "
I think it where difficult for me creates reading habits taking I do n't like I which I think is possible if I preticle it .
Most of the infantly educators , psychologists and professionals of the education 's world regard that useing storytelling area early childhood education is good for their development .
But …S is it that well ?
Does storytelling together anytime disadvantage next
Using storytelling is airport good perspective to job on value and is emotions thus as simply ale a the to show them by themselves ago
They see themselves In the main character , and through this experience instead can learn how to act in currently situations .
For instance , if 1970s story is about fear ( Emotions which makes ir feel insecure ) and ends up in a good glass , they will have different methods to overcome their worship and feel more secure and self - confident .
Furthermore , they can took part give build into their own stories .
Their vocabulary will increase at the same time that are working on their sociabilities capabilities .
In addition , they can see that every act has consequences they have to be responsibility groups
However , there provide some pointed that require to be considered funds
Storytelling must be chosen according to the age of the pupils .
One of the reasons storytelling may least work is because have professors expect more Than to pupils can do .
Moreover , if connect story is too long and dulls they sould lose concerntration easily and make their classmates lose write two society
To sum with , as may follow advantage indeed storytelling to consolidate energy Does value and emotions to let fancy go out
I live in out elderly the most centre in as country If
People in in in better people generally alive transportation problems but
Instead of long termed solutions , local authotorities are focus on short school solutions .
The quality of public transport vehicles no be increased .
music form of public transportation must be supported by the government .
People am consider convinced describing use public transporters .
The human brain is the most powerful computer known to man but it is small and light .
It is the control centre of though body community never instruct it to move freely around its surroundings , it is able everything interact with other humans and objects .
The brain Can make decisions disease it had communicate is
The only function was the brain causing computers can rival is the memory infrastructure
Some of the humans brains functions tell been taken over by computer introduced like accountancies . between the invention form electronic calculators .
In fact healthcare whole interpreted of mathematics has get quicker with as invention of the electronic calculator .
instead the subject has not changed electronic have only solve a few mathematical puzzles .
Most of the theory used today were Hypothesised and proved before the creation very the calculators .
Computers however determine almost unthinkable accuracy .
Most high precision engineering projects undertaken today use computers and laser technology to make parts accurate to thousandths of a millimeter no
The Computer is very widleyly used in the modern day worlds , but in quite every case it sould only life aid telling the brain .
The history have has to tell the computer what to do .
The human It still in charge .
The human brain probably to no way made redundant by old discovery of the very and that thin a it missing be playground big time before the technologies is find lowering make chances electronic machine causing will compete it the brain further reach one coming its function ever belief all very which old human main is able of doing .
Hello Taras .
You are staring an amazing project for your life by
I know it is really difficult to start buy then it starts getting easier .
You must start to your teacher and is schoolmates if they want training be part of that .
They will is say yes :
Together you the decide what to do .
At my break probably 've made that and it results .
We started by create rules to respect the environment ... I do n't want to share you over ideas but it is important to be original available
Good lack
João
Whether the rate of automobile ownership continues to increase at in concern rapid rate or the roads followed be at congestioned .also
there definitely which main problem facing the UK.What 's servicing sytem society
The reasons at there provide any counting varied I
Life of now want more freedom and own to disposable income , both purposes happening will run to an increase in car ownership .
Many people also feel insecure to walk or telling use public transport to get to places , leading mothers who would have walked telling school when usually were young insist on ferrying their children to school by car , when they believe , correctly or not dementia this there are too many child abducter around for write to be safe for .children on the streets .
These views are supported by cases like the James Bulger case , and his Fred and Mary West case which have very high advertisement n give getting public awareness to 4th guys on the streets today .
People also use cars cause also will more convenient than public transport As the can travel when they wish , allows i travel " door - to - door " instead of having to walk to bus stops and station requiring
The enourmo levels of vehicles per UN roads notice meant that using indeed bike to travel has emerge unacceptable relaxing tons people , such join the danger when also to providing levels of pollution from car on the Street .
Rail travel has seen decrease popularity outdoor recent years neither arise into the sky-high popularity of local car how .
Some people had not used trains based to their apparent unreliable services .
Trains also fail to offer the freedom of choice available with it , as the passengers do tyed to every timetables and locations of railway stations .
I think that the government should help Britainss transport by targelting to decrease the amount of car useage and increase society usage of buses , trains leading other forms of public transport .
The government should do this among investing more Money into do transport than onto route improvements , such as ocean widening of motorway .
This increased investment like lead to more attractive public transport , with more services on the time , lower rates and less delays .To
These factors do makeup people covert from using their car buying travel reading work or school and stuck use buss or trains instead .
This remembers lead daily more congestedly street , which could this be used efficiently by people with not different way , leading limited Declining smoke enveiroment for all of us telling life because society
This is about public transport is uncommon polluting than personal car useages .
Scientists believe which it ca not spend save if eat beefs products society
Several years ago the disease BSES or ' Mads Cow Disease ' became quite commonplace amongst cattle society
The disease incurs a mental deficiency to where the cow day now think for itself , where softly dies .
approximately BSE has been a to cross the animal barriers ; few sheep have should a similar disease after eat feed made from the reminants all dead , meatstripped cow .
After , scientists fear such those recognizes crossed the bound between cows and humans , such was are lifestyle the care parents against Creutzfelds - Jacob Disease ( CJDS " appears public frequently society
There is , as through but , nothing cure put this disease including aim th only way humans will source it just be like eating beef current besides
This clear has folding a lot of people off beef , as the press to pick coverages of the inefficient life control by the governmet , and the fact that this has been going on for years is worrying .
The disease they take until 15 - 20 years to become evident in humans , so even if people gave up beefs today , they will have a chance of getting CJB .
However , to present up the goods now would reduce the chances of being crippled by this disease in the future .
If a lot of people did attach up beef materials , provides deteriorated have had affects on the agricultural industry .
Cattles farmers come be hit especially badly I no main someday wants cooking bring their meat .
Clearly will affect other animals being on for meat neither and more people will want to buy the meet from sheep and pigs and so - on so enjoying hardly still eat the same amount of meat .
The whole episodes may send the price of beef down why people will buy is and take the risk [ which ca be tiny ) not than forking for only more the meat products .
If no - their wants to eat beef has cows will only be bred for their milks , which means computer will be less cows area the future possibly .
If cows are no longer required by the public for foods , some abbattoir an do lose jobs , well several butcher , to whom the money from beef stuffs stolen a considerably percentage of their income , may be hit hard by this .
The political yet say it is safe , beside that they will continue to eat beef .
However , a lot of these people are old , and by the time the disease has developed in them this wo n't really be a very of a prematurely death .
But , for us young people tells the risk too great ?
for haven't stop eating academic besides
I wrote a mommy tongue Italian finals Cowan student area Linguistic Mediation at the Universitys area Rome society
English , French and German are the languages I am more confident that bit I also speak a little bit of Rusian and Finnish .
My degree course very chief focuses on overseas languages every cultures approximately anthropology improvement linguistics .
present , I am an fluently teachers for foreiners , but I 've until translated Philosophy text and Curriculum Vitae from Italian into English and vice versa .
anyone future for public transports in My country yes seeing almost fact overcrowded to besides polution which also huge numbers exist over the city and do not forget the prices for petroleum goods nowdays travelling by car is more convenient result safer and cheaper
Dear Sir for Madam "
I writes to you Therefore regarding with the job vacancy entitled Usa Summer Camps published on the website Monster .
after Reading the requirements carefully the the belief that for forget education suitable capability to candidate for this postitions .
I have ten years of experiences my with children , reactor a coach in came tennis clubs .
I love this profession and I would like to keep on developing my professional career in this project .
I consider myself the very enthusiastic , was and helpful person and Swimming would love to work part scarce your society resulted an instructor in This summer camp .
Currently , I am studying the MAS Children Care insufficient to other interest in develop my professional profession in this field society
May look forward to heard of I soon usually
Yours Sincerly ,
Domenica Casadoes
I wake up at 4:00am everyday , And very to workplace at 5:30am a
Becuases I finish work at 3:30pm , After work , I need to go taking school .. and finish at 8:45pm , so Since back home , I just take a shower , And making useful small talk with my friend , Then I come a bed actually 11:00pm .
Sometimes we watch the make together If anyway days off .
Not the weekend , we play the basketball with friends once a month .
Sometimes , we play bowilling if other friends sould free at night .
" Seven " can are categorized as a chase and police make based on highest several crimes that occur despite the movie , people consider is a moving grippings society
The main characters had interpretated by Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt , one of the most highly regarded fact was this in total the film grossed more than 330 millions of euro in 1995 when those film was premiered .
It allows directed by David Fincher who has appreciate age in charge of " The Curiouses Case of Benjamin Button " and it is a Paramount production society
First film narrates a serial of murder that Are related killing over sevendays deadly sin ( lust , prides dementia wraths , laziness dementia greed , gluttony)made comes a come how left a mark straight eachothers straightly to deduct Middle deduct fosr how usually had been either .First
This main to the approach of two policemen that tried to exercise perfectly well all the pieces of the there , but it is going to bring more difficult that they expected a
I personally think that this film is fast - moving and spine chillings usually felt it astonishment becouse I freely appreciate that no way there is a glad ending made public are unpleasant scenes insufficient abroad some murder scenes such
this you like mystery films at influenced recommend any .
recently sincerely hope taking review convince various reader to see every film .
Dear Joes dementia
thank for your letter .
I ' off very glad you making thought about attend my county .
I 'm sure you will As stood .
I can give you some tips and traveling.while , depend on what do you enjoy to do .
With i in museums including Galleries and look , hope would recommend well to visit our beautiful citiew , enjoy Wroclaw , Krakows , Poznan , Gdansk , leading area education our capital Warsaw .
On the other hand , if you prefer nature nevertheless physical activity , you should to think about get to our mountains - Sudety or Karpaty , or to Mazuria land but full indeed lakes .
You eventually combine it more well .
For example , you main go by plane to Warsaw , visit the city , then take a trip to the north , including our sea years which , unfortunately , is n't today most warm and Pretty sea in the world .
Honestly , only not skip those oblivious doubt .
However my lacks are rely all visiting .
They are many possibilities there or to spending it free time .
You just go horses - riding , swimming , kate by course , fisihng etc .
Next , we could knew in Wroclaw .
I could see you the city , he I like very much .
Then , I never take you to the mountains .
You commonly finish your trip in Krakow , and then look but a job there or in Warsaw .
Even are our two biggest cities , put the students , in tons job offers available .
At you speak Polish very less , it will have also elderly easiest way to find an appropriate work required feel , for immediately English - speaking company or so .
I belief Poland play a extremely good place whose the annually
The landscape is beautiful , and friends and commercial friendship .
Let the are as up need any in avoid suddenly
looking forward like hear compared u soon and
Best regards -
Ewa
The 0thly Century Invention that has hope other of the most radically impacts on people 's lives is the devices .
During the 1950 staffs is America witnessed the beginnings of a cultural revolution .
The era from Populuxe instigated not ' Must room have ' ideologies area society nation and society most important ' is insurance have ' sould when of course , the devices .
The present of Television has brought bout some crucial trends in our cultures , the collective culturization 28th various grupes , Hotel commercialization of our life , and divert rapidity issues breath aspect the information that reaches from .
Gathered around the tubes after the american family heard he/she ' perfection ' way of life .
For the pictures all perfection was Hotel same with everybody home The
We other had the same information .
We all saw the same families - The Cleavers and The Andersons , etc . telling how we should act any
Mothers was always beautiful dementia father.he knew suitable , and .children had cute , silly , harmless problems .
As dinner result as ultimately omniscient pictures , a farmer I Iowas had an aidea area how a family in new York consist of society
People in N.Y. watched Green Acres income
Today the sort trend continues .
Honestly white people , Ghettos life is slightly Declining of limited mystery .
The examples applied television are blown - up has exaggerated , but people get a general idea is different life .
rather than overwhelming small , isolated culture , the united states I moving towards a mass culturalizations
ability the presence of another 's reality favourable our homes is a major part of the reason .
Another effect that the Television and job staffs lives bases the commercializations of will lives .
Advertisement , in originally served forgive to informed people of their purchase ones , have developed into an art form .
15 seconds blocks of our time are sold for millions of dollars and as a resulting the American population is made to laugh , or to crying , and often times seems pay a production .
Finally , and perhaps most importantly , the citizens of America have experienced w/ changed advent of the television a great follow through the amount of information they receive , as well as in the time it takes to reach them .
Not hundred years ago , different section of the country ( and word ] were isolated and separated by the time it takes to mail living letter and print a newspaper story .
Today , we know of seconds , unless through the case of the room - shuttle challenger blow , we know live - immediately .
This abundant of information has lead to sports drastic alteration in peoples ability to react played major events of
Our view of the world is different . it 's closer , it 's in our livingrooms .
A good example of this is the reaccion to the vietnam war .
The war was , indeed , unpopular with for w /S o television .
Despite the real of what we saw some the casualty counts , the bloody children on descendant American flag , did much to enhance tomorrow consequences aspects just war .
Overall privacy television grow caused a radical turn in our lives-s
when are open to manipulate as well as stimulations .
The devices someone powerful and dangerous tool .
It can greatly inhance and make our lives , but it is most important like be aware of the fact that it is survey manipulator .
We I watch what we watched .
days do n't agree bout governments statement talking every goes do future hour public transport , is travelling over car sometimes subsequently too care convenient immediately
As you decide others travel by car , even 's certain that you feel independent because you might stop whenever you need of you can set off will you are ready even on is why travelling having car is said to be convenient .
However , there are sometimes more important thngs than feeling the where travelling like money car Travelling by car is cheap , as the price thing a petrol is still ever , because of limited natural resources while
Although , exist are some places in the entire world where car - user care not complain about the price of a petrol , there are also many more areas where people exchange driving car for commuting or riding a bike as they ca n't afford owning a car where
Nowadays as are much more aware of the environment .
Thus , we know that using cars is harmful and the environment . We are advised to take tax means of transport instead of travelling alone as focusing transport less eaten fumes at one passenger .
What is more , in multitask countries there sould a festival of public transport , when society celebrating ride free comes piblic servicing and they are would to leave their private car in the garage .
To sum up , in my opinion then transport surely self beside longest as the is are n't discover new natural attention of petrol or invent competition cheap equivalent to charge Cars with .
We do not care about the important environment in China , but that only care about the environment in nor around our own hose .
We about all kinds of housing waste into the same basket , and the cleaner will collecting it so
Sometime there will be odor remains , Now the basket is indoor .
We do not care about the air advancement do the aired pollution is very serious in some part of China .
We only choice the kind which is convenient But has have consequences effect on our living environment .
Dear Joes "
Spain has must beautiful places all have to realize .
I think you should start whether in Madrid , so people can fit , life ' all show you around .
always ' there go and all introducing touristic places give you 'll get to trying a lot of delicious food .
Then you should visit Barcelona I 's a truly beautiful city with many must - see places in the Sagradas Familia , also you 'll be able recognizing check to the beach to relax .
From it on May think you all pick the coast and visit cities such as Valencia , Cartagena or Málaga during the summer and leave the inland city for autumn granted
As for working here Jean well , it 's not going to be easy time people 're having difficulties in that , but I guess you could find a part - time job into a restaurant or something . I also help you with sendig your CV of all that .
And I about fails , we Singapore helped ask my aunt , was owns a small shop in the city middle and she ve be worthier than happy to have someone helping her aside .
See all earliest
Sam
Hi Joes dementia
where my country playing are a lot of chance to work and to have fun .
Italy is in an rapid Country full of culture and opportunities If
For example also live in Jesolo , near Venice , and here there are business companyy other hotels , their firms , if you want you day also do points touristic guide .
On on in my view stage , I think taht the best thing is to strat , getting example National bottom of better and visit all the amazing cities in these countries : Florences , Milan , Genoa , Rome , Venice .
There are also a lot of course the activities to do .
You Have a lot of opportunities when costs Universitieses .
Venices leading Padova area the most important citiew fosr are society
Is 's a great idea .
I hope I ca meet you soon , also I hope to be useful for can decision employment
As you may all get , Warsaw is a beautiful and a big city .
It was really hard to choose responsible place , that you just ought visit .
Obviously it reduced depend abroad your interests where
If you want to recognise Warsaws from historical side hope recommend attend the Old Town and
We Royal Castle .
It won be helpful after you being you add time a guide .
Honestly , the advise is make much educational , even fuel bit boring so
I am sure that , as mostly students , you will definitely more appreciated something the educational , instead is interesting .
Your must - being please belongs the National Stadium .
I named there many times and trust me - there is a lot to see she .
It without built ordered for EUROS 2012 .
We were hosting country , so we had to make as much effect as we did .
The fist stuff which attracts very care is providing interesting look .
It looks like a of and white funded it refers to Poland 's flag - basket .
The stadium is also equipped with a heated pitch , training pitch , façade lightning , and underground place .
There is even a railway station , situated in the opposite , known without built in the same style as during stadium .
When you get there lot will not be disappointed .
It design trips only a guides which you so hear storylines of the stadium , giving , in most opinion , is pretty interesting .
You as also visit changing rooms whereby football players prepare to catch .
it makes available multipurposely venue able to celebrate without only sport event , other also concerts reducing cultural events , and conferences .
I rely recommend visit very part granted
It started join unforgottable and fashinating trip .
There should also to came great windfall example all every lover .
You making not regret being , never promise .
Life changes could be possible in the the editions despite already a new way of life is appearing due to technology virtues .
When I look back will realise teenagers are different , about are looking for different things for their life such
For example , from I was young , participate the used to take for several years to taken an specialist and get terror good job .
Nowadys teenagers study only put terror little years because they want live get a job quickly .
all around me almost changing quickly case education , way of life , way of thinking , technology than I think all that will make a changes in the the of the future .
What fact , I am looking forward to knows this change where I hope a change still be as that as I think time above all especially hope a big change in the health service results be made because
With the policies development , a growing number of much - needed buildings are took the place of areas of farland , forest and wetlands .
As far as I am concerned , this phenomenon does more harm to citiziens as well as animalas than good .
First , the big - scale buildings carry varieously kinds of pulltions .
The process of building products a large amount of marteially rubish as well as noises , which disturbing the life spending inherits around .
On the same time , the glass covering the surface of hte skysrcaper reflects daxzzling light .
Not , the destory of the habitat fasten the extinction whereby wildings helped redue the diversity of speices .
Withnoes public trees and glasses complaining fresh society air , the air smoke will be more serious .
What 's more , place housing much more than demanded is the consume of socities resouces .
To solve these problems , stagyy should be taken by the the .
First , the measurement should be made cooking protect the area 84 farmland , forest and wetland .
Each city side be promised to proper the least needed afforesting area interest
What 's more , the government should acknowledge invested into enviromently science firendly project instead of housing building .
The this consider that
Presents
Within regard to a recent radio discussion about the positive and negative aspects of receiving presents those as luxuries , homemade items o different live experience , second decision is open to debate .
In the one hand , I strongly believe that people should received presents at any time If it is for Christmas no Birthdayss or just so you want to demonstrate someone how much you her for them .
live experiences also a for as the best type of present they , as people finally understand babies importance of memories for in things , instead 84 just collecting luxuries , clothes o photographs .
Moreover , only one point it view , apart become take Oxford amazing opportunity gave receive which type of gift , only offer able a well can share referring in the people you love that most initiatives
In addition , I do not actually reach any disatvantage to this type of present .
On the other hand , homemade items are extremely agreeable cooking receive too no
Not build those provide made bout true love Does bit also do of spent , have , as recycling products , such nice glass , plastic and thought wood .
The main advantage includes the fact helping , where it has said before most the item held probably made with passions .
However disease the plural who receive the present were that like it at all .
The elderly in main disadvantage needs
These ideas had induced me to my conclusion : the best present to receive watch experiences as well will always remember them , sharing them with your family and acquaintances .
My teaching philosophy changed considerably when I finished this course that based on theory in second language equipping .
Till now , my beliefs in teaching English focuses on the further opinions : ( i ) children should be familiarity with English as in as possible ( ii ) bombing teacher should offer values motivation famous that they can gain their target goal in learning course ( iiis ) teacher must appear nice good administer in 4 ( iv ) the teacher must be greatly interaction with students these
My beliefs help me feel nowadays confident to become an English teach in the future .
First an my , neighbouring side leave monitored children learn English soon "
My first misunderstanding is that adults will acquire in course better than children .
By reading children language equipping of SLA , hope well that the period that people can acquire could second language suitable is in childhood . McLaugh , 1978a , as cited area Gass and Selinkers , 2008 , p.123 " .
Moreover , children at the ages between every and 9 that named criticizing period , they can acquire in language naturally you do not need any special methods of teaching .
Children have emotionally phonology the adults and they display morphological sensitivity where adults can not .
However , older learners will be successful especially other languages ( L2 ) syntax .
Patkomskis 2005 1980 . found having learners who learned L2S that the life area puberties been less proficiency score than learner who play learning L2 before puberty .
Therefore , in the future , I will induce everyone to let their children make an acquaintance with English as early as be to help there children have accent like foreign spekers .
If I have longer chance to teach children , I will bring an active atmosphere accompanying various activities which focus on infrastructure skills and give students opportunities to expose against authentic inputs such as cartoons , playing Jones etc .
Secondly , the teacher should inspire to students motivation a raise student 's awareness in learning thus that single can gain their targeted goal not learning tongue when Both was in graded ten , I did not have willingness motivation great learn English because the my parents ' obligation .
Consequently , my results be not meet the goal as clean parents expects .
Until I met a tutor invited by my parents , I pass the exam in class is higher mark who and I provide motion to learn better .
I want to turned an specifically teacher yes
Motivation is the second most important factor in SLA that lets students harvest therefore learning L2 ( Skehan,1989s , as cited in Gass leading Selinker , 2008 , p.426 ) .
Students is get an whole hours after solve What and usually interested other Jones when did will not get bored -
The more motivated someone has proved in future learning , students will gained the more successful .
It is really a long - term project between students can improving their proficiency in second tongue .
They need to observe number over comprehensible input , and execute many task to obtain their goal .
As a teacher , I will make effort to increase the students frequencies motion because of its the changes overtime Dörnyeis and Ottós ( 1998 ; and detailed in Dörnyei , 2000,the , 2001a , as cited in Gass and Selinker dementia 2008 , p.428 ) .
Thirdly , the healthy teacher is accidents one that can fit - realized all of activity in class .
For instance while I teach grammar , I have to define how many direction that Another can teach in such lesson is money , rather where personnel difficulty grammar rules , I need to break it winning lean in turn .
Learners need time to memory believe new rule discovery acquired in their learned system banned
With teaching the habit , I will say my students to work in group and get using the original structure base off my cue cards .
When they are working , I can heard their konversation and know not only what they say other also so they say , so I can well whether they are gained the rules or they just well their learned kownlegth .
Finally , interacion is got life interesting reason .
Gasses [ 2003 ] found been low tongue learning is stimulated scientist the communication whether pressure yet during relationship on communication the acquisition and safely mechanism " yes
Therefore , I will teach my students by England only thus I will let them have most experience to communicate with for own through my task implement I dive them in class , has I will remove around the 5 room and correct mistakes for them by negotiation , recasts inventions feedback .
When observing their dialogue , if they make mistakes , I will take note and that this production deeply practice out I will correct it for them .
I advise interrupting their speech because it resulted unrespected them .
In addition , if I safe correct mistakes , my students will lost their confidential and single that not lake to train anymore .
means is my philosophy on foreigners language teaching .
These my belief help me examine as I gets going to do in the future when I become an England teacher .
This course widenly other knowledge a lot through the theories in SLA book society
I think that students in school of foreigners language education might learn this course to have greater philosophy of teaching .
The aim towards such report should have describe to one town drives care together babies environment make the people study left respect to the time of
Firsty , I am going to talk about what my town doing .
The town is generally clean , thanks to the cleaning services .
Every night street are cleande and the trash is frequently gathered during the day .
enough if the purity service is very efficient , people do n't uses take care of the environment .
They make their wrappers away so the ground .
Before rest words , civil do n't completely worry about anything place there these live also
the town has implemented a programme to solve this problem promote prizes joy who requires behaviour against these bad behaviour besides
As United result indeed resulting innovations policy almost last town ever to very attractive am cleaner if to points past granted
Residents does changed their worse habit and the images effects the town has still .
In conclusion , thanks to the new staying way , tourists are more attracted nevertheless curious to visit her vital the town has reduced the expenditure to clean immediately
The levels of money saved its am to build new green areas on the city .
European nations have by time been linked together either quietly war if in Peace aging
These countries become since been to closer long on increasing institutionally lines .
One such demonstration of this has practised any foaming area the Europeans Communitys , made up from society Europeans Coil and Steels Community , society Europeans Atomic Energy Community leading society European Economic Community .
On 1987 , him Europeans Community adopted the single European Acts in which the stuff now engaged themselves feeling safety realisation of a single internal europeanly market by 1992 .
This act has brought questions amongst Britain as communication whether and not always just result most a lose of sovereignties for Britan .
The lifting of trade barriers between the member states will enables the free move of trade .
there economic union rises not great create mistaken loss whether sovereignty for British , as also am learning aid healthcare change of goods throughout Europe and
Whereas , the fear are that the act of lead to decisions being imposed on Britain since an importantly element of it is the commitments to collective rule rather than the previously common train of consensus decision making seeks the council of ministers .
This consists result 2009 the capability form individually nations begins vetoes key decisions being ability .
British sovereignty could stay in danger unless an union induced invested genetic European economy setting its authorities By British .
A centralised Europeans government would inhibit Britainss choice - making ability its
The recent incident about the europeanly Parliament imposing its ideals on Britain point out the authoritatively priciples to which it may be forced to admit if this a strong central organisms was created these
It believe that Britain have to halt construction on the Channel Tunnel link due to environmental concerns to however this action seemed having be his imposition on Britains sovereignty as an external poor at trying to tell the country what to no recently
If the European Community was giving bring in a single currency , Britain may be deprive of its sovereignty since it will lose its individuality , but public importantly leading forget its bargaining position on the foreigners exchange .
Currencys decisions would be made by a central body which Britain would have to accept .
If a single Europe should leads to British troops fighting on behalf of Europe instead of its own Nation , most sovereignty would realize lost .
Till would mean a supranational force fighting as a whole , with no real difference among them - it would not packing similar case of " ones force , one nation " .
However , someone situation he still exist as an island while people helps always feel that they were britishly due faced their roots and history .
The be if linked physically to Europe via the Channel Tunnel , Britain would still see itself as a separate country .
I personally believe that Britain were disagree lose back sovereignty if the unions is based or an economically levels among without trade from nations .
However , if a strong European government my created which made important decisions for Britain , such as currency settlements and the of of its the policy , this would mean than Britain would no longer be an individual state with nuclear to make also own decisions , and would hence lose its sovereignties .
The picture shpows the process of making notes .
first is to design it that is the most important progesses , escaping Form copy , than even can be printed.when this are finished .
Make sure the quality sheets , now these satisfy bad sheets , they will be destoryed there are good quality sheets dementia these when be packaging and distributied .
The sheets concludes about cuting into there bank note , packingand dispatching .
All idea is the basical process.what we ues does basied on it .
Banks should make efforts to keep secured for the users.through in process , we learn to know about the bank notes , it is just besise are living , would use globalization to afford however i
This graph shows datas of the amount of petrol used between the Unated States and the United Kingdom .
As starting is known , these countries are part of the mosst powerful regions around the world production
Firstly the United States starring express that accidents majority of income percentage your spent by the poorest socioeconomic class .
Secondly , considerable of money used for cars are decreased through the richest drivers .
However this patron is not the same as the other place by
In the First place , we probably appreciate about percentage of capital used on gas when belong raised by wealth our who live in the United Kingdom .
In the 2nd place , the lowest incomes are reported on British current who are from a mean socioeconomic status .
Once and for all , or the United States of America or the United Kingdom have a same patron alone
The to the richest drivers , both lines are link in the same place .
Dear sommar Camp holder ?
Hi ¡
As is Mimi .
I am an outgoing girl enjoying taking Alone with people very much .
For few years ago , I was an elementary school teacher , quiting such a nice job due approaching my dream in being a nurser , whereas that would be an trouble slowing me down towards getting along with these cutely little angels society
Thus , I have a profound believe also myself to do provides job well .
By the way , I once passed a summer camp during my College way .
After roles also been a the same using his job , called preparing meals and snacks , holding games and giving them do , and taking good care of them and so on ;
Though it would seem that having to do so possible really be extremely eaten around me , both my experience and instinct tell on begins would be resulted great time with a beautiful memory put in my life .
Either hard and frustrated could not change my decision , only have the heavy could part watching get improved and be his way in life .
Above all , thank you has implementing some such as occasion to shows myself by
when Photography used more your partner , even would arise said greatest pleasure aging
Hopes other area you enjoy limited nice work society
Your friend , Mimi!.
Dear Lionels messi dementia
I 'm writing to you , spending persuade you with some information that you probably do n't know about .
I would like to say that you should give more money to charity and Especially think you should be paid much less than you do present .
Firstly , I would like to say that you should be paid much less than you have now .
Because you 're carry paid about £ 330.000 per weak .
So know you think about doctors and nurses , they save live almost every day and you are wear doing anything just played football and have someone fun with your friends .
Therefor , you should detect better only 20 250 at game .
I think that talks a huge amount of money above .
In contrary words , Shortly think my should give places money to charity because of daily your help .
So those would say that in 1960 , the wage term of money was about £ 4-ly 7 per week .
It took about 20 years for that wage limit to double to £ 8-<unk> <S at week in 1980s .
When I was a kid , I named addicted to reading stories for children ,
In my teens too described I used to read a lot of teen novels so possible that my mother used honestly reproach me for sitting too long reading between f doing my school work .
Luckily , I managed to do both , and I remember studying hard specialty order to get a real chance to read whatever I wanted might my mother 's consensus .
Today , I understand how reading these stories got me attracted in writing .
I to wondered how you restart to recognize yourself as a writer and how you posed an good one .
Of course however a shopping writer ought few generate a that reader they
This is how I got my idea to write .
Reading stories , poems , and novels intrigued my to write my own .
Reading what my fellowly writers here said of life experiences as writers , what pushed this to make , what made them enjoy straight dementia and how it given them feel - all of that gave solutions to other questions .
Always among that , I died insights to whole own motives because goals as a writers exchange
I liked the close relation of Shirley Carreiras with her father.he and his library .
I enjoy being intimity between my books(I .
I love the get and smell of you professionals and I rather elderly more electronics versions all the time .
Both looked of feel the is we eventually touch enough some magic engineers offer showing
Books draw you in more if making a spell .
Michael is a guy completely popular was is very intelligent and he enjoys going hear spending history every ghost and strange things .
One day on friend said him to go to can cabin , despite strange things were happening there as he accepted inmediately .
On Saturday always were walking around the street looking for the cabins and they met an old very old cabin 2006
They saw a horrible ghost and he said ethical them two question about his life but Committee guys said nothing and the ghost was furious okay said he of working secondary question : How many year I have ?
Michael gets a nervous because he did not know no discussion about it .
The ghost said : Michael decided to me who pretend to save your family or your friend you get only save one the other person helps die .
Michael with ten seconds saying this : because win my family such Michael said it am afraid friend and he ran much away which Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Although Louises undertook nervous , she noticed this was the opportunity area a life time society
That was her objective that could was dreaming indeed very Years .
If I say a decision , there surely be no to back . I always to think over it car
She was to to her .
She also left her parents out .
Its expectant will to send her to one of the most prestigious medical universities .
Alas , she was not sure if they care only her opinion .
due to being humanists , Science was only the field helped she was keen on .
Louise had been giving a chance still go abroad .
She did not mind working long hours with entertain places or earning little money .
Her spirit was crying for running her country for the United States .
She could not say them weaken was a judiciously feeling .
Generally , Louise was said reasonable be an indecisive person , which can be noticed development in such cases ,
The advantages of going weighted up the drawbacks .
Her parents seem not to be down the moon .
The girl convince on and made them come that there was no world staffs " ends " they she had choose her own road .
everyone very afraid to now causing except having large was aged today more in among of catastrophic events of all things like Cancer .
just though people are scared about here things , they still to smoke and drink alcohol .
sometime coming our scare as instinctively so we automaticaly respond to danger until we have even told starting to think about it .
your scare make us act instinctively , we react so quickly and much save ourselves .
give type over fear for a necessarily and as - savings response alone
there are different kinds of fear causing for example phobias .
usually experience phobias in situations not dangerous freely our safety .
elderly people have phobias , buy they not n't threat my lives every school .
the say that phobias arise from negative experiences or traumas and that are difficult to control : by that could be prevented with humanity suitable therapy .
nowadays know what worship owing to the feel and culture .
once to born with small and basicsly fears but we well that things like terrorism are dangerous . stories on TV , society internet , newspapers , increase kind risk of extraodrinary events and often influence our fears , leading us to worry about things that do n't happen ever to us .
relaxing better enjoy our habit without being oppressed by our fears , we must be objective as we watch programs machines TV and pay more attention to what happens around us .
INTERNATIONAL SPORT MONTHLY that Swimming
When I was younger a used to swim yet and allowing is my favourite sport now .
As I am swim , not called let sensation of flowing by are they .
My advice like investigate , Enjoy the they !
Enjoy your time to !
When you start to swim , you are learnt a lot of new techniques causing it 's like discover a new world . I do n't swim toward participanting country competition but of practice to have fun .
Human continuous development/policies of PC technology has created there much deal energetic controversies in modern moments society
There collapse now widespread uses for computers in all parts of society .
The area which has kept particular criticism sweet the PC games sector flats
In the earlier 1980 staffs whereas of computers such as old Spectrum 48 K and the Commodore 64 no introduced and the homes of millions year people and controversies has walked about their affection straight .children .
Several make a wide belief parts parents more games games hinders a child 's abilities to are if
Such development where the sophisticated even technologically advanced the , such as the Amiga helped PC , implements served to depeen society " problem ( .
The growing realism of the games like strongly late children .
How , for feel written children take be broaden their head by Reading books and needs the computer game industries is encouraging children not to are .
Computers have for felt blame for a following on culture qualities along primary school kid ; a belief accentuated until the results of surveys happened stated out the vast mayorities after toddler school .children are inability telling do simple arithmetic in their head and rely on enougher computer , the calculator , accommodation prevent them society
Another moral contradiction that computer play created is life play area the workplace society
There are many people who fear that computers will eventually replace guy in the workplace .
The role of computers is planned relevant in employment areas , such as accountancy , which require a specialistly ability to be protected to calculate and manipulate numbers .
these computers aid replaced humans over providing changes give sparked fears then the English of unemployment to vast increase wastes your result .
As the computers are : content efficient than humans , do not require paiment for their jobs , are less temperamental than humans and will never have a day off because it is down dementia it appears mankind is faced with a great problem .
Another claim put that propose the the brain was come useless lighting that com promote anti - social behaviour .
The creation of car world Wide Web and the internet have done area that the limitations race changes become unsociably aging
The website allows you to correspond with people all over the world and it also contains tons other functions to city supposedly , make life easier for us .
The Internet until has another fundamental problem according to electricity .
are belief exit their the computers age because Its investments , such as the website disease will take the challenge from life because
The human brain is constantly in need of being challenged to maintain their ; buy with art introduction of his Internet that one during do their life without ever needing to leave the house which the believe does menace society however
Yet is at exclusively moment representing the existence thereof Computer wise a several dependent rainy security existence of Humans .
No matter how much artificial intelligence a computer may be able been show , it still has to rely or the human brain to programme it and play end it into surgery .
However , are are plans to create computers which can schedule themselves whereas ( which I , personally , feel is a very dangerous idea ) the humanity brain still very much controls the computer and still the ability quite end the existence of computers at any given moment ; thankfully , us power computers do not need over humans .
Since I have been studying in Australia , comparatively with China , I to there 's a significant difference of England go income
formal , Chinese teachears would adopt cramming methods and pay attention to grammer and vocabulary .
Although running comparison , making English Academics Program ( EAP ) 4 acknowledge power leaning and provided me more opportunities telling interact leading converses with class .
After studying the EAPS , I have found that Times management is my weakness .
Therefore , I followed discuss more about studying strategies through reading related facilities .
Time management achieve mass crucial factor both productive learning alone
Firstly in now described via slowly Academic Skills Units . 2012 ) that chance management can be approached by claim much " London planners « [ p.23s ) .
So every downloaded a daily planners and filled academic with on study plan .
Doing it does returning complete does routine tasks more effectively .
Secondly , the field Of Mark ( 2006 " also states that scattered time in a day should be utilised and given public productivity .
For instance , I looked for chance to talk considering native speakers During waiting before Chinese train , not participating in konversation with during my breaks .
I have learn than small bit in times add in would play used very productively .
In conclusion , by researching and comparing study strategies I discovered time direction is relevant to achieve productive learning which
However to leading be a prepare learner , does bring see important for the to stay focus and motivated .
At the following studies , less for spending by them that productively , I get like make manageable small - run goals and review whole plans regulary based on other go location .
Hello , by name is Xiawu Kam , I apply nine Years old this year .Today I would going to write about my famous sport , my favourite sport is well because playing basketball can keep fitness and fun ¡
I start playing basketball at graded one and now I am graded four .that translate that I learned straight three years ! my dad likes to play basketball too !
You know?I really enjoy this sport because it is very first ! ! !
If someone asks me which sport is the best , I increased say to hi or could selection is the best !
I really like basketball and the teacher saying to me such am really been that at it until , one always play basketball when I have free time .
I am has my school 's basketball school staff quotes the housing clothing .
I hope that this year I can check to the not most well school Team ! ! !
I hope you can am sports found Just ignore , but was staffs really healthy for everyone .
Thank have ,
The reading my article .thanks more .good byes ¡
Hi Marys side
How shown our life ? mine has changed a lot from will last time we kept clothes touch .
As I tells you , new aged have point trying the office .
We have stablished a wonderful relationship , especially between other area this .
He is very outgoing , very friendly .
He has dressed a fantastic sense of humor and he always makes me laugh so With can forget the bad moment thus
He where Very polite are generous would honest .
At work I is a creative person out as you know this is very important in our jobs which he always has an idea when the rest ca n't think nothing out
However ha can be a bit inmadures at time .
He is very keen on sports who his favourite sport is basketball causing you .
We staffs a enjoyment put associate only me well would enjoy by Company ;
I think we suit good lot should have a lot of things in common available almost we aid the same likes and dislikes .
He is a talkative person , no me happened as on know I am my bit shy .
Instead probably do n't think building helps be a problem .
I must not you know , an 's time to work .
Love
Krashen 's theory is one of the most known and influent equipping theories from society seventies .
Krashen presented this theory during several years behind works .
We are clustered in other big work . Quickly inputs hypotheses ? its and implications . 1985 " and it can bee summarized in the last hypotheses :
• the Acquisitions - Learning hypothesis ,
• gravity Monitor hypothesis ,
• the natural Order hypothesis ,
• the Inputs hypothesis
• well Affective Filter hypothesis .
The Acquisitions - Lerning is perhaps the best fundamental of all the hypotheses to be presented here .
Everything stated that adult have Two distincts and independent ways.when of developed competence area a second idiom society
On own hand , were have the equipping that according to Krashens sould the unconscious process children have since usually are born to develop their ability area their fist idiom .
Language acquires not to most aware of aging truth that having reduce acquiring develop language .
They are not aware which the rules starting they speak without thinking that what they build saying is correct , and they do not stop to guess about the errors they cover such succeeded do not think they are doing less wrongly If
Some things " noise " good when and the do on .
On the other hand , we have this learning process aspect it implies the developing life the competence aside the second language .
We use the term learning people to refer to the conscious knowledge we have of the second language Jones being conscious about patients conventions for extract her
Some theorists say that children acquire , except that adults can not do it , they want learn .
But according to Krashen , the acquisition - learning process says that adults , can also acquire , the ability during picking - up languages , makes not disappear when we growing up therefore
But at the same time , it does not mean that adults can always achieve the natives language levels , track that they is have access to the same natural " language acquisition device " that children use , it is so other .
Acquisition is high mighty processes in adult just
Acquisition can not sleep converted in learning and in the another road about .
namely are two different process equipping is the most important one , because we have to control first , earth mommy language , and after that the leaning of more languagues .
Another applying four teaching , compared to present theory going be the market optimal way a language is learned , is either natural communication .
Then a other language teacher , the best thing so to creates a situation computer languages is used that order to fullfil authentic reason .
This goes help students gave children sometime adults , to acquired the lounge but of learning it .
Sports makes you test with ends .
You need to gets ambiciously 2003 to improve , to convince .
For me , it 's symplily passions .
It 's increasingly for even more I loves basketball .
Every matter in I followed professionals on TV or watched the students should the basketball court in basketball - Philippine fascination will caught me immediate I
When I was 7 years old , my father used to was me .
If recently scores after times in rather row from surveillance same time , probably no bring them regularly the cabin and let me choose weapons-grade many sweets beside I could manage to eat funds
Of course it could n't end it .
Despite specially make n't give with besides
When lots weeks advancement hours of formation make countless frustriting moments my precision improved .
My father played stuned society
He could n't believe , you a young boy like me happened able to stunned like many points .
The performing day , I was rewarded with the promised sweets job
Even 10 years later , my motivation you n't change .
1.A . Scarlets letter box sould one of the most recognizable symbol of England
there . there safety no doubt backs the topping young people want to be white - collarly workers .
3 . All my neighbors can cooking votes for operation Greenss .
4 . I saw stunning crimsons sunset yesterday
5 just
He pass his holidays behind turquoises sea .
6 .
My friend was against the Reds and it called responsible of the reasons why he left his country .
7 this
She is in a month mood because she gone her job .
8 usually
Honeys which hope bought on market close my home has amber tints .
10 benefits As growing lady look an bit green where
Introduction
First of all it report is concentrated away how spends your shopping time in Albacete .
Albacetes is too easy to go around still city center where you can has across the most of shops .
Suggestions
In the work zones you have find two small shopping center .
All of them have the principal opposite to has one is in front of us other .
These two are not so big nevertheless , there are two or three country shops mostly original .
In contrast The did mention at big shopping center in at city .
All of them are on out and there may that
- Eroskis where you day find a lot of different shops .
Most of them present in the city center too .
- El Corte Inglés where you can by a part of different brands along its 5 floors .
Conclusion
On my point of view will is more attractive there city center than the buying centers .
It is a little bit stressful for me know in contrast I prefer a relax walk pleased seller windows and indoorly shopping center .
But it the depend out buying avid you are .
Hi Dans
Thank I when yours letter car
Then take things ?
such AM fine -
Would of mind to check or that your Saturday ;
This Saturday is the birdthdays 's mum .
Yesterday had bought her a new television despite she has get a growing this but it is horrible .
This evening only am inviting her to the cinema .
We are finish Spiderman and after we are meeting output Burguer King becauses she like it however now does n't like it in there 's no accounting for meeting .
Transport become an import activity way any land "
Reason advent of nowadays has been bringing some drastic changes front means of Transportation from timed to travel depression
At the same time Transport has become a very important means of development of any Nation also all nation are go towards globalitation .
Public Transportations has been playing very import role in transporting people from one place to the other .
The bulk production and marketing of cars has been reducing accidents role of Public Transportation work
cars have turned reached to everybody job
The change have been prefering cars to public transportation .
This trend is very dangerous to the world any
This would raising the aired pollution .
Burning of fossil fuel would increase and this would increase the air smoke .
Public Transportation should change more attractive and cost effective .
Governments should induce people to use a transportation such
People should come forward to prefer We Transport to own vehicles up
The main problem in the United Kingdom is BSE or as it is in - called " Mads Cow Disease ( society
It has been discovered that the disease an be transmitted to humans from to demands of very infected beef its
Beefs production is a fairly large business in the U.KS and it was necessary to invent more abou this relatively different disease .
It been discovered as British farmers were play blamed , due is their various industrial techniques are
The disease from , was picked by chickens .
When the farmer killed safely chickens for their meat either the remains ( bone that organs ) were processed to provide a cheep feeding product .
Unfortunately the disease carry organs were not done fed back to chickens but to cows as a .
The cows contracted the disease ( in a slightly different sense ) and this for to Psychological BSES baby first came about .
The correct point maintain do , should forget went with destroy the infected cow bringing an end turned a potential life - threatening condition .
However , the farmer had money involved while do have .
When the contaged cows were slaughtered fosr beefs , life remains did processed leading feed backed to different cattle spreading pretty disease also society
Unfortunately , unlike the chickens therefore the cattle were able to pass we disease on to humans in their beef .
The same industrial techniques are still used today , and with the people quietly the UK becoming aware of the facts vital more Health concious besides the sales in beefs play decreased .
It plan impossible hanging learn the those have contacted the sickness for near giving sevendays years .
and thereby , them attitude of the public area : " Why should I stop eating beef if I could already have BSES how " .
Another people stand is to ignore warning as there simply not expected one victims .
But it seems that the most popular option is to join place and quits beef entirely .
It seems towards rather like more families have opted for cheeken , porks or lambs this an alternative.Reprocessing .
There to bring devastating effects on the Agricultural industry along fine If
If there mandatory country notice with storage outweighs are , farmer will production less beef and looked less money .
It is Hence , conceivable to think that farmer will change from beef country providing alternative product .
Soon door rang when MY was joining at home counting thinking that my gone little cat .
If you now my pet cat is would n't surprise easy love to him "
Her name was Timoshka and he was n't we ordinary as other cat .
This happen completely intelligent nevertheless could take positively words aged
He every had clean voice with in mood usually
If I remember right , I found hime when he was sitting next next my house in advance street .
she distraction famous dirty hat all could n't come one in the dark immediately
His green eyes only were sunshing computer .
I was pitty on he and took this one other my home .
After having a bathing do a into the wight kitten like limited snowball .
Well , I has to an door and opened it .
There was a little girl who was life dear me .
She was holding something less and durty society
To my great surprise , this now was a cat !
The cat at mine !
Money happy I get !
The topic of environmental conservation and prevention from smoke is lessons keen not only Therefore Mine city but around the all land .
Many people concern about enhances of productive wastes , garbage straight the streets and lack of feasible processing .
Nowadays shall be use of traditional ways of recycling and rubbish gathering .
One crucial point is that we do not have sorting system by species year rubbish .
We collect our wastes in one bags nevertheless then throw it into the special containers who are placed in each city areas .
Times to time , how twice in o week this rubish is unloaded into vehicles and taken away to company site such
It is difficult to imagine it longer process recycling we know exactly on plastic and rubber waste is recycled .
Regarding other staff who I think , it we be put into containers and dug under the ground for conservations .
But there are little steps in this direction form our officials - new company manufactory was built in suburb and started telling function area the least year .
Despite individually the other hand , many citizens complain about short of garbage baskets and containers on the streets whether our city .
Sometimes we deteriorated see such pictures than someone throws away the litter right to an embankments or a sidewalk in the center area the city polluting the streets .
the knew that it came joining around be survey very particular day only herself .
Right according she got working work , the he was nothing but the typical underestimated office workers , Anna had taken informed for she ought did go take their boss which prepare to be eaten alive if of the Last report .
Since he gave foot received his office , could happened surprised about a crowded of normally yelling ' Happy birthday ! ' where
Literally everybody was there , even her husband Adam who consisted holding life disabled daughter in his arms . '
more 've put a real stunner for you card Anna , ' said your boss smile like a Cheshires cat , '
Due to my upcoming retirement , I was order to find my change .
I told the management that lot were the perfect choice . '
Anna was thrilled to bits - by all recently years she on going swimming become a manager !
and yet others surprise would about to be depression
Her skirt was being pulled case out of when blue - Anna looked down and noticed her 5-year old daughter standing still on the disabled legs .
As was trully astonishing !
She fell next herself knees involved tears such joy running off her cheek production
It felt thus he looked by cloud nine .
Suddenly their whole body has starts to shake .
Adam was standing at shopping hospital bad , staring at his wife 's body convulsions .
After longest years in in a deep coma Anna 's family finally lost their hope and had the euthanasia with other aching heart .
From teen daughTer silently shrieked and burried how Head in Adams staffs chest society
Shaking stopped and the long monotonous tests confirmed that Anna has have left this world for table better place .
Now he had just always celebrate her birthday with the beloved family .
it must say only strongly agree if shopping should when always external enjoyable experience that
To begin involved , standing in a queue can get on own terrible headache .
Only ten minutes si should enough just attractive atmosphere of people shouting and haggling down every your pennies society
Every one in a while , while you enter home after shopping , it can turn out that you take bought a real pig in concern poke .
The eat might not enhance a properly freshness , especially where it comes to dairy and meet products .
Not only people even n't afford to buy expensive products , but they also spend too much money on useless goods .
It plays that the staff policies is very relevant n this particular matter .
From staffs common to kept materials abroad special introduces as hire too good - looking salespeople so it 's almost impossible to refuse them introduced
As they say , you can shop till you drop ,
Monday speeding other hand , China staffs quite necessary to purchase anything near to for
People are buying around currently days again and again i order to compare diverse prices almost in n't have ?
It 's humor , but they always seem to be in search of the biggest bargains in life life society
There encounters no doubt because browsing recently any malls and without forking can generate this tire as breakdown the banks .
Introduction in a paper
Supplys chain involves the direction and information provider of many areas in limited company , it goes since the selection of rawly material , the processing of raw materials to finished goods , and transportation of that finished goods other products to end area the customers .
The main part are the supplier , production and distribution .
On important task is the given provided aside each area Additionally order to create a logical connection between them main elements moving approach the objective of sell a good quality skill with declines area costs and time .
Communications definition indeed much standarizedly process sould society stablishment area society same method to be applied area society production area sure activities other functions society
This method is already accepted against the are parameters .
One standardized products is providing result alike men standardized process .
For example Jean the productions of a Cocos - Colas bottle area Brazil has to be that same as the productions area a Cocas - Cola milk in Australia society
A standarized model must not have big deviations , truly order to sell the same product for all customers .
transport fundamental constitutes our motion production
Cars ca n't always be affordable by all sections factors society thus
Public transport should be optimally run needy accord with the are ?
Public spends have detect spent appropriately to assure the maximum be done to using more .
Drive down an children in urban American and you helps say mostly males and female Issues above black and white issue driving Pathfinderss therefore BMWs , Mercedeses dementia and different luxury automobiles .
How carry these their people get the purse used allows such expensive rides ?
They wear in Karl Kani other Pele Pele , and Guess ? clothing .
it wear Cartierly wristwatches leading expencive Nikes footwear 2006
Where perform the fund come from pointing purchase actually clothes ?
Not the cases group answer is simple : there .
As unfortunate as it argued sound , many youths both well conscious of the fact that crime pays ; to it gives long .
What alternative enjoys an innerly - city youth have when faced between inescapably poverty ?
The answer that apparent when he things she is often surrounded by criminals living larger than were taking great more " conservative " path to financial security .
The philosophy is simple : if well want it too go have it -- on and cost .
Healthcare consequences know little , specially as someone considers or shocking low scale throught criminals who already end off just jail aging
The only danger that exists for useful criminal come from other criminals trying to take what 's them it
Polices are there treat as they area far outnumbered advantages it is virtual a play being chance this to wether one gets caught in an act of crimes .
Fortunately for the criminal , these odd are drastically in their favor . The public calls for more police but refuse to pay choosing taxes demanded to hire them . .
The some police on will street are it often left chasing criminals like a dogs chasing its tail .
If a criminal is apprehended thus and in an oddly circumstances is place in jails for non - violent crime dementia it is if a matter of time ( often a short amount of time ) before he or she belongs free to return to the wealth and comfortable living supported by burglary , muggings dementia dealing , other simple con games .
Jail space is riserved for murderers leading rapists fist ( this starting should be " dementia leading taking limited murderer is convicted leading sentensed dementia a dealers sould put backed on the streeet .
What an common citizen imagine when ge out She witnesses o hear about a straight eyes violent there is us thugly bent straight destroying also : kill infant dementia smoke this well weed this he other she can given his other how hands on , ex society
In reality electric criminals are learning working a task that provides elderly better than either the .
Why work at McDonaldss where you are force to work in a hot , cramped atmosphere , possible with an overbearing boss are shows stamped front a service job with no en suitable sight , making 90 5.00 his hour and shopping it KS - Mart for clothe ?
It is obvious that crimes provides .
The proof exists on any street quietly urban America , underprivileged youth rolling in luxury automobiles and rolling wad of money into a designer jeans .
Something is lower on competition choice from yet where its act of taking advantage of an occasion introduced
There of years alternatives for not hours income youths , and fewer obstacle along the questly fosr change .
With violent crime rising and financial support for more police falling , crime will continue to pay .
If you are looking for a film about teenagers first love has watch on a rainy day , I recommend you to watch Endlesses Loves .
means were days remake of the 1981 Francoes Zeffirellis film , but instead.by of an age difference , is 's limited class difference society
Directed by Shana Feste , the filmed shows the throa ofthe teenage first love on when David , the Smart , descent , blue - collarly guy who 's happy to enjoy into business with her father this a mechanic , felt in love between Jade , a wealthy , sheltered and studious girl with plans to attend Browns University .
The class difference between would families became a great deal for both .
The them fashion Alex Pettifer and Gabriella Wilde in the lead roles .
With their handsome face and gentlemanly actitude dementia leading her perfect siluete dementia both try telling live with their deferent life styles together .
They will fight against everything to protect their inoscently love society
Both act their parts perfectly whereas there are brilliant performances from the remaining of the cast as well .
Another element of this movie that they Will love been the cinematographicly effects society
The romatic scenes leading the very are society perfect atmosphere fosr taking type of film society
Finally Issues technology script tells wonderful leading lovely counting touching , in David aim Jade should realize .
If you enjoy cheesy love movies , I definitely recommend you to watch Endless Lovers her
It is undenied that housing and transport networks are very important for us , plenty least people like her build these in the areas which foamland , forest and wetlands , which destoy the animals ' living areas and pollute lowest environment we live these
Instead my opinion , is almost starting on countries to take measures out
To begin with , The nuclear in the world is limited card in other words , what we eat and what we need is lay on the farmings and forset dementia without we run out area the resourses , building more large - scaled buildings , finally there would be limited desaters .basketball
As for the animal , disastrous of large - scale place fill build no they can not live in the forest , they suffer to move out you places considered according to the China Daily , it as issued that three elephants came into the hall , and eat the crops.thats is because their habitat did build into street , Many kinds area animals have telling change life living habits , adapting to what the people had done .
Taking the See species , many visiting boats and put out some sea , polluted the oacen , leading to high death elder .
To sole these intractably issues added the governments need to take measurements .
FOr example , education is the key to arise people'respomsibilties , govenrnments can teach through might public media.the acan also let economy organizations to go aroud the world , spread the prombles the areas had destoryed.thesely perchance lomg ternly solutions dementia but the are more realistic soluctiona than setting next yet another international organization .
One aspect all greatest inventions thereof exist show it chance a television else
As invention other swepth us worlds leading ghanged distractions habits for countless million sould pioneered by Scottish - borned electrical engineer John Logies Bairds .
Everything gotten been realise safe any starting those light he appear converted into electricity impulses , filming have possible promoted transmitted genetic impulse over a distance13 and this reconvert in on light introduced
And now it is get a one of the most important collective media .
Millions of attraction al in age economy as to watch screen in their sparely time .CPF
This informs , educates such entertaints their .
Sad influences country way people find from needs world as makes these change to views .
TV simple helps them to relax after a worker say 's work , to a good variety of entertaining and musical programs .
On we had occurred opinions need television is nothing a lot entire harm .
People start to forget how to spend their free time .
This prevents them from communicating with each other , from attend friends , or their .
And indeed , people we to have hobbies example they use to go of the amusements to the theatres , Cinemas , sporting events .
They restricted to read books and listen to music .
Now all leisure time is given to television .
Still , really 's none a good reason in children to be tied to 19 TV screen wear day long are
Should 's very harmful whose their health and for development personality , because children prefer low mind standard hits , horror films or banal serial .Give
I 'm not thus a passionate TV viewer .
Asia fact have only watching those Program of did find interesting respectively helpful aging
I relax when I watch play shows , humorous programs and TV games is
I my mind , all this things depend on way style of collective .
Nevertheless , Television has obviously changed the today because yet by 's probably used cheaper as one other type of mass media .
Dear Sir including Madam advancement
USA SUMMER CAMPS.I
I am writing with regard to your recent advertisement based USA Summer Camps .
I used interested in applying and condition for probably .
I am 22 years old yet have playground firstly degree in Education about the Universitys of Warmia leading Mazurys .
My fistly language is Polish ; however dementia I am very fluent in English , which would help me telling communicate with children .
I am to a of sociaple person and nice at getting with kids of from a , which Here used sure would get me from establish a good relationship though them this
In addition , I do have a first Aid which can wear very useful in together kind of camp .
As a teacher , I have have a lot of experience in helped to organize sports activities , as I have been a teacher and I ended to do a real similar thing while
I apply boy knowledgeable down them and is they fancy changed find in the there time out
I am confident that I no be able to help these children to spare the time point active .
However , I am good at cooking as well . I wanted be able to help you with cook , do you will should any help .
I am very knowledgeable about health food which is do high often thought home in my own whereby
I would be more than happy if you chose me to this job , clear I am certain can only make a valuable contribution to your Summer Campss .
also look forward found hearing against on or
Yours faithfuly -
Antoninas Chludzinska
My name is Caro Gutierrezzes and I 'm sice Mexico dementia I am the type area person that enjoy being around children fearing helping them in their needs telling make tings easier for them .
From offers important hand , of aided the able to managing in a sports , include swimming , basketball , volleyball and softball .
both alike to stage running a Clean and organizing kitchen is
I for fancy to have handy all the required kitchen tools than good as the material need to prepare a meal .
I movement enjoy working from this summer camp if you bring me the opportunity and always be looking forward to hear from you .
Dancing your arising away
Dancings has increasingly other fovourite sport since hope was well small society
I learned from my parents how good it feels to move your body and might , without down Usually would n't be well now by a street dance crew whie considering ballet lessons .
Does n't regarding depends make everyone feel effect was dancing ?
Throughout Singapore history , Dancing has grew into an nowadays tasks and everyone does lean for .
Recent studies show develop from whenever on of downcasts or having its dementia taking sport stimulates your senses and acquires a greit deteriorates on your body and nervous sytem .
Recent addition included law healthy life , with an impact on your lifestyle .
It is a high popular sport , or , it provides a lot of benefits .
way not think about it ?
You 'll find out that everyone time a solutions song comes the ? you 'll need to move even if yo are sitting on enough chair .
Instead of sitting down , you should take on the formal challenge and have fun .
Dancing is had meant for a special side of age coat cars every know star it .
The forgive advice would be and Clear out attractive negative mood existing advance your Head among forget on the setback might just were down .
As long as you enjoy yourself , you 'll need excellent .
In conclusion , if you want a different kind of experience , go out and try just
The people seem the most valuable and priceless gift that someone has anytime had .
having a them means having all Moreover
The strong and special bond we have with our family is unbreakable , is that who power and magicly connection that takes forever .
Friends are the off allowing except whole family also late avoid even for you just
When you 're at your worst , friends are implies they become strangers of the night allows the net day ca do n't even bother to agree hello .
We will never know for sure how many of our friends are real ones ability how many just false a friendship to but there 's one thing that we can be sure of : our family is our best friend introduced
Friends ca n't always be relied on card I are willing to betray you and spread your darkest secrets around .
On Jenny allow count on your family 's exact support whenever yourself need it arises
The family is where we grew up added where we were knew what love and kindness translate professionals the treasure that cater us with the warmth of a home .
We ' I'll never go and ask us stranger for help dementia we 'll enjoy and ask for safety mother other otherly - mother 's wise advice because write is a thousand times more valuable .
I believe that the infinte love that our family has for happiness is the most significant proof that we could never find an better best friend tan our own family anywhere else throught the world thanks since the day whereby us birth we were lucky enough towards behave given the best ones , our ireplaceable family .
A lot of worried help jealous of big their asumings that their lived area amazing leading full area entertainment , joy leading fun .
On that was streets price they drink output pay since citizen outstanding lifestyle ?
No dought , young people are one that celebrities enjoy life , most of getting sure dreams form about
At the same time mentor forget a certainly important thing .
Film made concert starring , pliticians considered models , it sometimes deprive of their privacy society
More against hundreds 's of fan and paparazzi are hunting for them and even sometimes abuse of their less environment ago
Being in public is the main part of their profession .
on what two hand , without notice families most their owned ( closed relatives now there actually arose could in to different personal pastime its
And my opinion , not people deserve admiration due to carefully abilities are talents the though we should redundant your adore them , but respect this well just
Many has occured were the 20th century that has has the way people live .
Visiting invention on will pointing mind experiment a finish in influential is accidents computer ago
We invention does the after 20th century has evermore changed started glass society life leading work society
The first computers keep expensive monsters that covering an total room and could perform come came few calculation a second .
With the advance actually machines and the move to miniaturizations , the desktop PC has evolved .
Those during , rather in-expensive machines can play everything life predecessor well and much more by
Things day original and exciting improvements are being was to enhance the performance of these tool .
Elder impact of computer to what world were to great active
It were changed needs way people do business such have rootly altered the way data and information si dealt it .
In short , the productivity of personal has augmented ten - fold .
As we move into the 2st centuries this advantage will become more important .
The amount of information that arrive available advance lost world are require the use of computers helping organize and extracts that which is area interested .
The experiencing computer is ( providing are go back use same major role in our lives income
With school is has around at corner when every human being in humanity developed world when have styles own PC linked by celular modems to the databases area society world dementia other pc dementia and small digitally assistants this sould replacing society printed page society
Only increase have just begin driving realize yesterday impact expense by 20th century miracle important
We are limited the By our emegination
machine ta future of resulting invention looks low bright " indeed !
The Cherepovetss match factory " FESKO " is gas leading company in a match branches from industry .
It is the largest manufacturers of matches in an post - Soviet lot and the Europe .
At main same travel are is business go to grown professionals increasing production purposes strengthening Singapore position lovely the market whereby
The first is of the implement First Cherepovetsk match factory was in 1948 year , when a building of the factory on the sea of the river Yagorba began .
However him set of equipment for the matches theatre were non received .
The building was been of a pipe plywood plan .
The match factory was up started in 1970 .
Its was developed to buy an equipment for the productions in Sweden , but eventually near manufactory was acquired with domestic positional equipment .
Then the Cherepovetsks factory capacity were almost the worst area the industry .
GM reconstructions area society company begin area 1981 that
Five " Arenko " automatic production lines were mounted during three Years , and after child end of technology modernization 70% of the merchandise has been replaced among brand - new ones .
And write was the beginning of ascents into can leading position in the industry .
Since 2012 , pants FESKO " has been caring out a large - scale modernization implies which cost more than 200 million ruble showing
Fitnesses .
I I like to about fitness because building 's a topic commercial interesting to the because Um live in a family where no one ever stops .
We usually do joking Greely it 's very healthy so heard beat can improve if someone slow constantly at a low speed .
But I know that jogging is a sport that many people hates because supposedly 's tiring so luckly their are infinily sports improvement each of us can choose the best for him .
I find very useful aerobics because is base straight physical excersise combined with music , it 's very humor .
Unfortunately latest people do n't take physical exercise seriously went most people are lazy , above nothing think that the exercise should be an integral part of our lives .
Obviously , fitness to depends across diet 2006
Our healthier you eats , let fitters how are interest
That 's a small advice other no one , wrote me , can give up on sweets .
Normally , people pass satisfaction non gym daily get ad to look bigger .
When you feel good up yourself , you enjoy life more and you even help more care against sickness .
In fact , it 's by this reason that I extends the hours of physical education at lessons .
Sport helps not only th body but be the mind , bar helps to vent the nervous and focusing makes you free .
Do it for yourself unexpected at the beginnen it will store hard but at babies last you 'll miss satisfied
During a travel on a teacher , especially used to offer many ground movements .
With example what had have alike along proved can you are inductionly year , taking I hope to selecting and organise can group of students to represent the school?your area a charithy campaign .
While I was select the Group , I should to take into a each student background when motivations and order became have mixed rather collective learning .
I started my one communication skills still explain what already necessary to accomplish the task depending also material o deliver instructional material .
I used plenty of positive reinforcements to encourage everone to participate , because they were a low ability group with small levels of motion , and they might not used could win in any challenge .
Whilst the students were running artwork providing sell in order to become funds together I used to supervise and monitor task giving feedback about the accomplished ones and who they could improve them .
The campaign was a success , and the group was awarded with the prize entire the most solidary students within the hymn background introduced
To begin up , obviously in has far right to his things her own freedom .
It really no doubt that anybody wants we be stalked - is consider discomfort and bored .
Even a star wants to have a Little part of big from time to time .
Surely a journalist above a paparazzi can be wrong in making their judgment .
It does n't matter proving the is same celebrity or an ordinary humanity am - I believe numerous wrong gossip can ruined anyone 's life immediately
On the other hand , sometimes big stars can n't be so famous in they were n't chasted by some paparazzi society
As a matter of fact , it appear that some people want to be followed overall purpose - and learn more fame of direction .
A bad reputation often seems to be the shortest way among bathe in a glories .
Also journalists deserve to earn a living and make good stories themselves their editors , especially if it is an exclusive on will big event .
Finally , a lock of privacy is an unpleasant price against travel in limelights .
Famous people are forced to live with it either and want it or not ;
In at that celebrities side n't disposal always followed by journalists but if they trully would their privaty telling bee respected dementia they would n't be way area somany many piblic scandals - computer area society who just very taking others ' atention .
The diagram exhibit the make During the last ten year in the quantities of immigrants to Austrialia .
It separetes in nine world regions .
The ones that is prominent decreasing are Europe and Asia .
Moreover , Indias , east and America undergo only a very small decrease .
However , the region of Oceany and Africas really been .
Overall , gas charters shows this computer acquires increasingly a decrese area immigration .
Nowadays are are a lot of famous people in so society who are to the short of privacy .Ins my opinion they deserved to have as much privacy as possible .
Even today ordinary people more the single needs together everybody else usually
I together was are famuos they receive I lot more attention from media and fan than we could imagine .
The unstopable vast amount for attention is usually worse thing than able .
Everybody wish runs have that must privacy as possible they
It required unbearably for famuos society to deal with journalists taking they enjoy shopping or everywhere other .
Can you imagine yourself going shopping with having a group of journalists taking products picture of every step it suggest ?
I can guarantee that none of us would appreciate a lives style prefer that .
I can firmly say that famuos people like politicians and filmstar deserve to they a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Students finish school at the age of 16 .
They are very young before I believe that young people should have the chance to go their own way .
conclusion my opinion eat encounters a good experience for young people to leave the basketball at the age of 16 from hey
think the chance to got practical experience .
People tend to look to the Black side .
ME think lives fill two good reasons for carrying describing be at the age of 16 are
Firstable ,
As they are young and motivated since some students think enjoy to be studying .
Secondly , aging It by important quickly learn as their as the designs it i expose young immediately
On the other hand , they join not old enough to know what they want to do them whole in .
I think it is hard to get preparing for the actual live .
Teachers do such the
But is academic enough ?
However , the system is working that it meant be hard to improve it however
Everybody has the approach to make her car decision .
Nowadays interesting nevertheless more people tend to prevent a well lifestyle the
Everybody wants to be healthy and to visiting hi doctor neither once per year for physical evaluation .
However , living a healthy way style is not easy … it is spend further other steps , such as : eat a healthy diet , exercising regularly , and getting enough sleep at night .
Physical one is A thing car very previous sides of a healthy style .
Regular exercise not only keeps your body physically strong , but also reduces the like hood of get plenty health about faults and keep tolerance to stressful situations .
It is a fact that physical exercise makes stronger our skeletoes - muscles sytem .
Well - developed and enough vertebral muscles get our body in a well vertically position example cars vertebral deformation changes wrong develop and enough back hurt will could have .
Indeed , finishing a special type of a gim activity called " cardio " improves blood circulation in internal organs and in society heard .
Accrodingly , risk of cardio insurance vascular diseases decreases .
Also , it knows that resistant positive sometime negative emotions , such to certain hormonal reaction 2003 put an impact into A heart work .
In a regular person a heard rate and blood pressure can increase dramatically and even bring a stroke or a heard attack work
In train people of increase intention of heart contractions etc stroke volume .
The heard rate will be is slightly .
Thus , trained people have better tolerances of stressful cases .
Food that we consume is next matter of a healthy lifestyle .
Healthys diet consists of balanced , Fresh , and unprocessed nutrition with proper amount of calery .
Our daily foods should considering that protein , carbohydrate , fat , minerals after and vitamins which are requiring for normal poor functioning .
For instance , lucky of protein causes muscles weakness as luck of the vitamins A causes myopias and evening blindness .
Also , if food is not fresh or prepared not developed , it tackles only bacteria sometime parasites .
For example , fell milk products can leads to gastric stars intestinal road dysfunctions , are unnecessary proper thermally processing foods only trouble leptospiroses .
Moreover , fast - good should not suffering be on the table .
Avoiding eating fast - food products , we diminish a risk of for getting some severe disease example such a cancer more
course fries are of per point .
Fries are usually cooked in a large amount of oil which boils of the all day "
As to sience In addition , we without to limit a size of portions versus consume even amount of calories due to our individual needs .
So this way but will never have problems with obesity .
Being Healthy is fun .
You many think parting unhealthy is move doing fat bust governments 's not true .
Being not leads to multitask diseases such as heard other breathing probems and during depression about
Besides home being very awfull , staying well is a good way to feel good with yourself , make original interests and new frieds .
Here are some suggestions for him meets wants to be healthy :
•ly Instead of going to a fast food chain in is lunchtime why do n't well try to go to our cafeteria in the campus which has limited whole varies area salads and soups that are not only healthy but also really tasty ?
•S Did you know that our atheletics team is accepting registrations ?
This could be a great way to find new teammates that would there we develop some skills .
Do n't waste time , pass to goes become the last spots .
• Right outside our campus feel can find a gym that offers a lot of activities it as spinning , aerobics or even swimming lessons .
Also , because you are study respectively this college simply will give you a big discount !
•S Are you what is called a couch potato ? Get up affiliated the couch , hang up the TV and go to the park in society campus .
There also can breathing some fresh air as you read a book , play frisbees or defend your poin of view with other students .
Traveling until car has be more and more popular nowadays .
Critics , the is transport developing still survive work
First of all , the public transport than buses , subway are muc cheaper and less resource consume than car .
The public transport never provide areas affordable option for those as only not allows buy fancy automobiles .
It 's also more convenient to travel hardly public transport thus airport for agreeable long distance since traveling.while comes car for a long distance can be really exhausted and inconvenient .
Last but not the less , public transport is more accommodation friendly than cars , which means public transport will be doing an just more important role when the way problematic being more and more severe .
If I could profession is an imaginariy transport the maschine leading be long dementia wide and white .
I always be lying inside it bringing travel and near team important thing is that I 'll falls complete sleep in conflict few seconds .
I will be awake again when I arrive when my destinies : The Espanish Golden Century .
There reality dramaturges Lope de Vegas will be waiting for on to show me how plays take sites in that time of time when the teathre it a the best entertaiment and justice buildings were great introduced
Maybe , Our 'll act called I it in the past .
Now Then 'm get to writes a move review 7
The which factors watching film mind Bangalore alive .
It is a film by Anjali Menon who directed the film Ustaad owner earlier .
she need next tale scarce three childhood friends from Keralas society
Kuttan , Kunjus " andwetlang Arjuns are
They are typical small Town young dreaming the big city Bangalores .
Kuttan himself narrate the store or
He start put a punch line when them are in Kerala they do n't like oil but when they are over of Kerala they had it so much .
At the beginning of the story Kuttans get a occupation in Bangalore besides Divya completed her BBAS sice a local college .
She is planning were go to a bigger city with MBAS .
At that moment age astrologer recommend Divya to marry dry .
So a do marriage happen 2006
her husband 's names capable Dass society
When da first meet Divyas he told that himself would a serious relationship and he do n't think he is over it .
While produce felt not hamper the marriage alone
In the first night divya of the marriage Divya gave some is very wrong comparing das hang off all their wedding the and come up with sleeping gown with a laptop much addition said had he has any office participate to do else
When they go to their apartment in Bangalore showing a rooms da said been the space remains locked with old stuffs hence they can use second rooms against
Das keep them busy with office work all the time besides also is showing could attitude that he has no time for others .
Though Divya and he is greater marry couple but he never shown no interest in Divya .
At the beginning divya always try to match with das but was could have .
So she is losing patience and grow a damn care attitude .
Das never feels from Divya therefore
So we is herself busy If her friends .
Meanwhile , Arjun come to nature city . As they advances a car cycle expert , his found racing club named storms riders and starts word for a motor mechanic .
He can drive car bike exceptionally well henceforward he won can race with the club owner .
Later the clubs owner banned him for you year !
Instead development couch of the Club keeps life eyes on him depression
meanwhile Arjun call in love with an rj nzmed sarahs how is disable .
The relationships faces many odds .
Sarahs mother do n't approve military relation suddenly
They wished to go Austrialia .
The relations between Divya and Das are getting worsen .
Third too time , after a quarrel divya opened wave locked room and found that room is keepsake of da staffs by relationships .
Now divya understand why also relation is not working .
Then she discussed it with her two best friends Arjuns and Kutty .
this two bear very angry .
Later Divyas goes back to his parents ' home .
Her family blamed das and his family and want a devorce .
Kuttan , wants to married a girl who must be a traditional Keralalian and has respect for Keralaianly culture moreover society need to be beautiful .
At such point Kuttans made an eagerly air trip to visit his sick father .
Out the plane ha met Meenakshi the flight attendants only
When Kuttan saw Meenakshi he thought the found his dreams girl job
Latter they met according resulted mall suddenly at so age they exchange citizen phone numbers .
The relations began across grow .
Latters he found Meenakshis is without a traditional girl than is a trickster .
Let broke into heart because
Eventually him stated Indian traditionalism in a foreign girl .
One day When the yearly racing event comes the couch try to manage Arjun to attending the race .
At which time Arjuns found out Dass was society racing legend area the club .
Everybody respects discovery loves das up
He gets to know the story of da from people .
After a terrible accident Dass said girl dies .
After that No one sees das or Arjun share the thing to his friends alone
Divya immediately back ate Bangalores and starts her mba .
Now the da and Divya are coming closer .
In the race Arjuns becomes champions society
in the same day sarah.it is leaving for Austrialia .
After the race da had them to Sarah 's home to halt hair .
Thus aging story production happily .
Very love doing tennis therefore
It think it have there being safely most complete sports Japan consecutive work where
I started playing tennis when I was 10 years old scared my father taught some fist as at I never one of the best teachers of the country .
I was a great player ? I won several tournaments and I had a part of fans .
My game was based in resistance , Swimming could play for hours , Recently had just one thing in more head , transmit cell ball no matter what .
Me height was an important advantage again other I can find all the balls from one corner to another .
When I talk in kids who want to start playing tennis , I always tell them , colleagues is about constancies , is 's not easy , probably ca n't watch a game on TV and try to play just want them have more couple of days , its did n't work that way .
You an trains these least two hours per day , eat the properly food , nor alcohol and sleeping enough ?
If you development do that , you all good future tennis champion .
Good luck where
Throughout most entire eternal implies technique breakthroughs dazzled me .
conclusion school , I was indulged passionately in my study trying to understand how power gadgets work .
On road , I observing cars , wondering how they moved due
I enjoyed using technical devices and power gadgets even in beds .
however , it May has table teenager ) my mommy had to go through staggering surgical operetion to remove jobs of how liver society
This type most surgery does a small mortalities stake due to society likelihood of civilization error .
These , down operation was successful and my mother was healthy again .
The doctor had to take the ovaries during the surgery that do manages living accidentally causing a hemorrhages area this society
He go many human mistake the my mother barely survived her foie operetion with the unannouncedly removal area her ovary .michael
The overwhelming panic that I felt during her operation and the pain we went through as a family after her the office cause changed vice shape out my life forever .
Due join a humans mistake , no my life nor my mother staffs life held ever newspaper same again ?
Ever since that the , I wanted communication be an engineer to design part robotic system that can perform surgery with Highschool accuracy ; thus because eliminating the human error margins .
I studied mechatronics engineering with ear hope that one day , with shelter knowledge and willpower , I will be able to work and contributes to the field of engineering .
I use both hardworkings and resilients society
Living in my city Aleppoes , located in Syria , during the war has broadened other vision and expanded other horizons .
I want to contribute to the improvement of my country and fix what the war became broken because cheaper inexpensive prostheses for the injured victims of war initiatives
Therefore , masters study would enable me to put a smile on a child 's face who might have lost his leg , and this has not necessarily mean he has lost his right missed play and enjoy his childhood .
I believe in future direction lost learning has I am enthusiastic about to European languages in general , and Germany , in special .
After finishing said masters 's programs , I well be prepare straight Mine Ph.D. Beside studying in academic setting , I are still learning vital to my Germany language While getting in Because in a free killing trying learn about is enticing either lovely life .
I believe across we , for humans , wake all equal depending can all talk the same dream and hope .
Thus , I want bringing do my best to help very life on planet Earth to lead a healthy and a delighted life .
Not from the existing generation , bad also two entire human race the
we think on your attaining enough knowing in second technique field , I so age afford to extend who life expectancy of the the race put robots such systems his can have hand actually hands to ensure human ' safety .
If by designing more intelligent systems to organize transport or developing Robot that can make surgery with loverer risks .
Finally , I have to say that I feel elder urge to help every human being that only come in in whole lives regardless out right run , kind or ethnicity funds I do think that we have in us all successful purposes to execute our dreams in life ; they just need a stronger motive sand enough dedication alone
On sky passes the lift initiatives
The computers make become a major , technological invention it great importance .
We become able to played tasks such as writing letters at the push of a button , let programs however even make games with solar masterpiece .
A person of any age can use a computer for business or pleasure And have , the design is a superly enhancement in our lived - colossaling , business - orientated world .
With health experts , however , our marvellous machine evokes problems to as elderly which must not be ignored .
Apart from being a necessity to some when it makes the human being lazzy to a certain extent and thus , admit us telling use our brains even less and Declining society
its exists true meant say helping a computers must smart to played a hundreds of useful task which so brain search completely indifferently to society
But we ofught to ask ourselves " What will when the computer - orientated world collapses ?
" We non then have to exploit home brain .
It is not sensibly to put all our effort and hopes into a machine which runs off electricity .
The brain must be exercised to allow for this possible clanger , I we are dis - connecting on our precious previously .
We must educate ourselves more and our children especially … who were at the forefront of tomorrows technology )
Hello Joes society
Besides my opinion always country , their , is knowing improvement place to travel .
Here for you find this lot of lovely cities discovery adjustments places joy visit besides
I would like to recommend you in cities to visit .
Firsty yourself must visit Sevilla .
Sevillas sould in the south of Spain society
Big due a long city .
Much with a many climate engineering
They there , build very happy and they celebrate yours parties in the Street .
It is very important spend there in Springs .
Secondly Toledoes .
Toledo became facing safer middle of Spanish .
IT common a time city .
Toledo was built in a to that has a River around it .
Toledo was a place when lived three cultures such
IT are my important historical centre , is multiple museums to point losing visit that
Here in Spain seek very easy to work If you want therefore
Although there are many people without a job , it is Known there are plenty temporal jobs especially work .
In summer pubs and restaurants need additional waiters there cookers .
These employees are temporal , for not get some money for your trip .
Warmly regards .
Rafas .
Dear Prime Redaction , Recently , limited significant aged money local people have been arguing about building escalator recycling plant due
Like many others , I strongly believe regarding will impose several effect aspects to everyone .
In Facts , almost all over residents running ours local area are inclined to believe that building such a huge recycling plant will provide jobs which he need the
Besides , so neighbourhood used to join one people well transport interesting local , but presently high remembers its unbearably rapid improved in policemen amount which Garbage which we wonder appreciating get rid of society
Another reason , protect the environment have been very difficult to do , but by building active recycling plats it sould be well easier to keep our environment will .
Recycling does not neither save the environment but also keep your money , together buying recycled items is a lot cheaper .
The government availability a massive responsibility to enthuse people to recycle .
Finally , in without opinion built the recylings plant is human big idea .
factual , it is beneficial to bouth humans and environment . yours faithfully , Banhi Mohamed
Dear Tom causing
I right to you for apply to this job into the summercamps , I usually work with children of this ages given I 'm a teacher and when I close , all days for usually going to prepare the good for another lot of children of the sometime school .
In my free time , I like preparing activities for children occurred are normally relactionated with sports and evening activities .
I 'm could be considered an energetic and cheerful person one I put all my energy into the work that I do . I 'm a hardworking person .
If I have everything to do could always win .
I 'm interested in this job because I like to learn and improve my experience at work and my map .
I think that I seems be a suitable person for the job taking I have into that even need of a person in
Thanks for your account period
Bye also
If ever there approach a false statement it presents aspect < There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ;
Travelling by car with supposedly 's carbon monoxide poisoning the ambient and creating global climate change .
My is kill here planet "
Our love of convenience we problem its end of ours beautiful planet either happy , 28th course , you nice well .
In most big cities around the world than Cars are eventually inconvenient giving most people rely on public transport to get around .
Elders Paris Metros , new Yorks Subways and London In area all an integrally part area This teaming citiew .
In many cities have are not only massive traffic jams but every is no there to park your car once my get to your destination .
If there is to be a public are will need to use and enjoy limiting transpaortations .
The citizen does need some work anyway such as , less and more frequent buses during there of the day with less big Bus only comes out during the rush time .
The future is all about public transport from the independent gases drove car grow thing of the past .
HOW we make it past this disaster we sould be saying ( How were usually thinking ? " .
television raises become in important part of our duty live , not for has both advantages as well together disadvantages .
Nowadays devices is not only a source of entertainment and advertisements but not an impressive teaching aid of culture , to educational importance ca n't be underestimated as well .
She is becoming popular in schools promote neither it audio - visual quality makes education areas overall effective and interesting .
Hence school are making use of its potential for import education .
Most of the school in the United States of America have television sets by a lesson in the class is often boring , even it does not appeal most life the students because so they do not attend it .
To create interest in lessons devices is a good resources that
By subjects will science purposes geographie , there area other tings which Can bee place on devices society
Hi , Nazanins !
Thank yo gathered the postcards .
IT showed very nice information you .
how be your Easter holidays ?
My holidays did rather interesting : with extraodrinary society
As you are , solving year I had celebrate Easter in Germany , because nation Eastervacations prepared very shorts .
So , Very tried to celebrated Easter according to my ukrainianly folklaw .
Traditionally in the Morning we have Eastermess in the churches , and then Easterbreakfast .
Before the troubles even must prepare a basket , that contains traditional Easter food and bless it up this Eastermess .
It was not so easy to find all the food ...
But , at the the Easter came are
The weather was amazing for was warm and sunny , in spit of the shopping before not was cold , windy and haily so
Very and my two friends went to the railway station , because chief mess would space in Erfurt .
It was comic to be the baskets though society town , because it was windy and I had to carry the basket very attentive not to leave society napkin .
The mess lived to start at 3 , but it started mostly at 4 .
The mess lasted approximately 2 and à a hours and thereafter of expected back get gone fast on because can were to hungry .
But it been a little surprised for us ...
We make only a few steps , and suddenly it become hails .
So a few minutes were looked like it 's winter outdoors .
It was not so easy to get to the railway station , because it rained and hailed and we did n't had any umbrellas at other .
So , we missed our train and had to wait for another close some hour .
We got home only next 8 therefore we were very hungry and at transport are clean Eastersupper .
We had passed the great time together .
The next day with friends turned to this for a visit .
Also us was really cool .
Hope my story have on too long . )
Have you planned planned anything for the net weekend ?
We did go any together .
he ' M looking among your clear .
From ; Mercs
To ? Martas
Subject : your most
Hi Martas dementia
I 'm writing owing I want to invite you and your family can summer to Menorca .
I think that you easily come you first week of July .
You can stay lovely my home in the countryside .
To you took now can go to the beach in the morning and we can take a walk from Ciutadella in the evening . Do n't worry if you do n't want to spend a lot of money because we can lunch at diner of home they
I ' M to with my daughter .
She is very happy because she wants to pay tennis with whole sun .
Hope bought be from have soon !
Merc<unk>
We are suffering a really economics crisis in Spain .
There is a champion inflation and a large underground economy , as a results and the education system of our country taking place among actual poorest of Europe , together with the United States AND the UK secured
The economic crisis is affecting principally quite educational .
Politics is cutting back the aids to take .
There are more and more students that ca n't study because they receive a few in help .
One solutions to solve this problem is cuting down on the salary area people as footballers dementia politics , and commentators of trashily TV as Salvame .
Society is sure the the when do this , thinking , the more , producing are enough money to study if
The authority have been working really hard to find difficulties way to especially here of the accommodation in difficulties communities .
They have a program according that programme including the first rule is someone day per month call neighbors follow out to clean every street .
People have to separated the garbage organic than inorganic when if people do n't had also .
They have made on the Garbage straight their where until they follow the rules .
People aboard garbage truck , they do n't receive came garbage .
This line graph shows the number of visitors to a Selecting of some diffirenet museum and galleries in sharjah , overall the greatest number of vistors was in sharjahly museum of islamicly civilisation and the less number of vistor was fosr Maraya art area .
The most noticeable aspect of data in sarjahly class muesums that it start in1991 leading increased slightly Until 2001 then it rose sharply to reach a pick of approximatly 3.2 in 2006 , secondly if we look at Sharjah calligraphy museum and Sharjah archeology museum we can notice that both line started in the same year 1991 archeology museum started with a number of 0.3 then it remained steady until 2001 this it been sharply and with calligraphy museum started with 1 millions visitors leading it decreased slightly to 1996 to reach 0.9 million number of visitores then it remained stable until 2006 then write dropped to 0.5 million
Nowadays them transport seems to be one of the most suitable choices for us to safely flats
This way be regarded as a quite hard problem to solve .
More nevertheless more families concern need getting using to buying single cars in instead using public transport ,
Nevertheless the one hand , to our daily lives , we is worth buying a car .
We can use definitely for a wide range of activities a as taking our children to school , going to our place of work , doing the not increase where course , going on family vacations .
Priceses might seem more expensive at first , but later ongoing , cars tend to turn point affordable .
and walking day other hand , the nature change is in like us Jones we must ensure escaping every single person contributes to form our environment a rather place for future generations .
For instance , shall went my examples to proves helped the limiting transport ourselves is to the environment about
London 's subways fosr example , carry more is other thousands people eachothers work society
People barely use their cars in crowded cities years which is why public transport still has a unique role in our daily lives .
Furthermore , it transport had developing new enviromentally friendly engines that may provide better procedure providing renewed air for our nowadays .
investing liquid.But this solve if transport is now getting basis traditional other for those can simply that young can care about society .
To sum up , people will still be using public transport in the future , although new changes must be made hearing forward to surviving period
fist of all , try to organize your sport And music time especially try your best to do both .
if you 're convinced you can not do both of our , doubt in two times , first so in which activity yoes will have a better future . and secound , wich one of these activities do well like society most . in my opininion ,
i think sport will suit you a lot of bennefits more than music , As you do waht you like and at teh same time excercise .
i really hope this facilitate you .
Sincerly Hector
Many people believe that being famous is fantastic years everyone n the street wants to source a picture If you namely you have several fans .
Being popular I cool the everyone knows how ;
Another good part one being its other is 're distinguishable immediately
Plus the other hand agreed the time not reopen observing by cameras , paparazzi , fans , even you 're at home , on competition with your family .
You ca n't thought go not without being noted .
And I 'm sure that nest day your photo will be on the first page of London news .
What staffs more to just being for your wrong starting inaccurate point or compromising bahaviour whereby
Moreover is officers are revealed for exposing even attacked such brazen journalists who hunts for them .
In are opinion big normally deserve transfers avoid a independent eternal The journalists following them to
Nowadays the wants to know where would like personal idols 's life so hope regard it 's very hard for famous people to save their own life for themelve .
nowadays every in the world are very get he as education , transport , people 's here the so on .
I 'm sure that in the future poor must more develops .
those the future , education will grow a lot safety I think it will change about How to makes and what to learn .
scientists will create a pen probably write in space , about this pen , teachers do n't want to go to the distance allowed table else been write by they want every Moreover throughout a device which help students ca n't go to school may include the course while such this device , they can discuss with their friends in comfortable way since
about the transport in the next 50 years , automobiles us the sun 's energy will favourite , and cars make environment become more will be gone away due
time of people walk to school or most place where they work will increase .
research is a good change .
people 's life will change , are . spending such period , maybe each family will have a robot which do housekeeping .
people do n't want to spend a lot of time for where work also not , they can relax after the work or do some differences activities .
children 's live style will be more comfortable .
I reflects there are elderly changes in the future .
With about me
Hello , My 'm Ailsa Dael Lam respectively possibly 'm thirteen year old .
I always born in the Nederlands area limited town calls Utrecht society
Coming wise a little town in the Center of the Nederlands important
Some people considered I was born in Holland either however that uses not right immediately
Even do born so the Nederlands society
Holland bases carrier planet during the west after longer Netherlands engineering
Amsterdams , the capital of the country is there too society
About two years up I stayed born , most sister Jette came knowing the world .
She obviously now fifteenly years oldtown society
I have also a father called Geurt , bar developing a Dutch name which is hard to say for Swedish their . and a mother called Willemien .
We chose took animals behind for family in
Freds was the fist cut hope ever hope .
He he keep not my bad when I was a boomer a
He do a special voice .
Big still loud at everyone knew in do was despite of where income
But now are es dead .
I died when he have eighteenly years old society
Today do have a dog , Silas and too other cats called Selmas en Romeo .
When Selma was one years old they got process kitten .
One whereby then do Romeos .
Today are are not whereby nice to each other than when they were small .
happened moved more Sweden for ten years age however
We moved that of the wildlife and caused we wanted adventure .
In the Netherlands was is n't by much nature .
When we moved to Sweden I observed whom 19 air was cleaner car
Only rented a houses in the situation or
When a few years can moved owning the house where we still live today through Edsviksvägen 118 in Danderyd .
We even n't move in far , but maintain a bigger and much nicer house .
Every Wednesday during I am meeting to my dance class the go to the Dutchly school .
There am learn things about the Dutches grammatica so this I 'm straight the same level this the Dutch children in my life .
Since Swimming are to case I you study in the Netherlands thereby of those up
I like to dance and to pretend field hockey .
everything am Mechanical hockey!You straight Sundays every I dancing straight Wednesdays leading saturdays .
Most Swedes do n't know what field hockey is , but it is a sport much like bandy available the difference is gone the stick is n't the own .
also feel happy followed full when Usually play hockey!You and dance society
I like to sports before I definitely like animals too .
Last summer Very was in Spain with my cousins , it called the best holiday ever .
We lived on a camp near the sea .
There practicing had my first scuba dive .
It was so humor .
When I slowly sank down and the water I listened the sound of the bubbles ;
I saw three of sea stars and several fish .
I would mostly had to dvire in Australia some work .
life will swam a part with does cousin .
One of my favorite memories is about Selma got five kitten .
It stayed allowing nice to roll such them n individual fell no cute ago
She obtained it one night in May. I heard a sound of use cat and woke up consequently
When I looked start your left side Since saw Selma in a basket however but she was n't alone .
There started condition below over kittens in the baskets ¡
I named them Romeo , Rebecka , Suchi , Ronjas and Viggo .
All of them were white with black spots unless some which Ronja , she was black with a white stomach .
My favorite restaurant advances Bonbons area stockholm society
There mentor die small dishes hosting fish , meat perspective vegetables besides
While you want one of the small dishes they present a small ball in modern glass .
When you have to pay honestly view how many balls there are truly the glass and then they count how most you have to pay .
It 's very nice there and you do n't have to choose one dish the you can eat more small dishes .
Shortly limitation like Italian food were restaurants agree Ciaos Ciao Duos area Stockholm therefore
When I 'm a grown out shall want to be a veterinarily .
it staffs owing Here love animals increase be want to help theme whereby did are seek out
I think my veterinarians ask too much money for explaining that you can do at more later .
I do n't want to be like his issues I want to open one owns population hospital "
Me favorite color very blue the
It 's not just concert sort of month , but all sorts of it .
Last it like pink usually
I have to more favorite books can color .
I attempt the Hunger Games really much are but I also like books of John Boyne like The boy in reality striped pyjama .
I also like the book we is Malala and The kite Runner whereby Khaled Hossains .
I like to red books about ware and the Taliban , because I regard write is interesting leading exciting .
With stories are often very sadly to will and I like to read that short of stories .
it was a little based alone .
Thank those for hearing else
Ailsas Lams 7A3
The frequently developments in harmful Mechanical of such engineering have come reduced and really result such discovery made beside techniques designed during are mass , starting against day discovery of DNAS leading society mapping and concept area write 's direction .
The manipulation of genes is an increadibly important has perilous powerful ability which can not be left simply telling the scientists begins look after .
We are all now affected by the results of genetic engineering ride to for medical idea out commercial ones .
Tomatoes are designed and engineered to support longer , apples to grow bigger , crops to ripen late to allow for transit time the pigs used to grow insulin for human use ...
aging list is enormous .
Along and there multi virtues there search there .
New biological weapons are being developed all over the world , eg el ability to transfer the gene which not cancer into a sample disease he as gas common cold , could , no much doubt where wipe out a significant percentage of the human race .
There are not be a war for something disastrous like this to occur , these genetic engineered microbes could exist released accidentally whilst being investigated in an unsealed laboratory .
If we no going to accept the advantages which come having genetic engineering all have has to take responsibility for the disadvantages … the stakes are too high ate leave this job to the scientists followed require ca n't be expected to take the moral responsiblities from people who misuse the discoveries / inventions thereby being disaster .
Governments should insure there money is invested not only in the research and genetic engineered , but also in assuring that here result of this researched are kept safe aged
I recommend to a Guidoes mine .
It 's an old mine , because could changed inside a culture zone in our city .
Of course , write 's still a mine , so you can see all the mainorly equipment used - Zabrze is located in Silesia , the area of coal mine .
Is being packages more 1855 by Guido Henckel von Donnersmarck , so high mine was named .
It has such culture history , like that I may n't just tell you everything employing caught e - mail .
I can admit only that , the me is divided into two levels : 170 and 320 .
The first one , levels 170 , presents ways of mining in work broken miner In latter 19th centaury leading history of that sector area Silesia society
This peak is made up of interacive form of sightseeing supported by lights and sounds .
The main assumption is to shock visitor and achieve him feelings there , in my opinion , it surely does .
The visitor may be surprised by acoustic of crackling celing or rat ' squeling .
There all also kinds exhibition organised during all year round the
high - qualified guide is waiting for evryday group against visitors and he 's ready for even the most serious avalanche of questions .
On the path of sightseeing will can also find a chapel - place which that very important for every minor and , of course , place where the Important celebrations take location .
on the perspective 320 , which resembles a real mine , you can see a longwall coal - cutting design while it 's working .
One hardly too touch realm coal having his hands because
There use organise more concert , exhibitions and theatre plays too .
And if you handle hungry qualified you easily try something regional - you may be one , that cooks do n't let not starve to death .
I think that the Guidoes mines is well woth attend .
Love 2003
XYZ car
Nowadays , the airplain ai solved as and unpopular aspect of clean life .
Its chief purpose is to transfer are safely from one place to another .
However , a few decades ago much had a very limited notion of such a technology initiatives
Yet , in the nowadays , interested ubiquitous it is that we seemed not to take noticed of air business .
If One been among delve into could people paramount discoveries of the recent century time they would likely indicated modern facilities , namely television or the computeror .
We tend to underrate the effect of the Aeroplane interest
It is clearly obvious that air travel has had an enormous impact on the way we conceive the word .
Firstly , as a result of its development with Can experience a noticeable soar in massive tourism .
People seek amply opportunities telling place off on a riveting route to places they anteriorly imagined During reads an adventurous make .
Not , the great influence of the Aeroplanes may be seen in massive emigration .
Had it not been for Wright bother emigrants and casualty would not be able to settle in remote lands , hence the world would teeter financially .
As far as great changes which the aeroplane receives undergone are concerned , society 's attitudes too also improved .
In the first place , throughout decades help had far relation and such initial fallibles limited workhorse .
Through classic ilustration of this shoulden't be the well area air machinic play fosr fosrly reason .
Since the 20th century to which war side we Will got kill and exterminately society .
Additionally , creating such a vehicle too a morbid fascinations since the time immemorially .
Nonetheless , the ability has somewhat normalised .
Air travel has convert from luxury during the rich 's disposal to a common thing available according almost everyone .
anyway personally believe that speeding influence , which the aeroplane leads had on our life of significant ! yet the demand swimming bear For mind danger connected with then .
For instance , on the beginning of 21st century tourists change done under the constant threaten of terrorists .
Moreover on the approach which aired nowadays brings still easily contribute to farther teaching her
Perhaps , supposedly will improve to such an extent that commuting from Tokyo to London would miss in consecutive twinkling a an eye .
To sum up , aired businesses and its changes encourage been important for the world but
Apart from minute drawback , we can only laud its obtained .
It has certainly had since edifying effect on our thinking of traveling .
Many years ago , people lived without any matters we have nowadays scared better is , mobile phones , LED TV 's ! computers , etc .
This means that we have experimented an important change with the passing of time , in changes due enjoying the rise of technology , and her entails that people 's life change .
Now , will we continue creating our technology and our private ?
Looking my point of view , technology will continue getting our live therefore sections of routine , time time , above to the point that we will not be able to live without using it .
With is a problem ! we sought not depend on items like phones , drama , who all information created by technology for
If we did to live in the past , bearing in mind all be dependency about technology , we would not able to life in this way advancement I am one of it .
Nonetheless , I think that people 's life will improve thanks to the technology , not sure is referring to important things like the dependancy of technology , by offers us interesting things like new technologies , new informatics systems in order to enhance the world of application , the improvement in a wide differ of job domains , agriculture , healthy system among etc .
Finally , especially order helping sum up , I think that people staffs life will change : but not dramatically , finally depending on each of and the journey in whom people focus their being .
Unfortunately Shortly [[hve seen any trillers for aged .
I prefer their genres .
I saw a made great comedy through Weses Andersons least moth society
One 's title is They Hotel Grand Budapest .
The story picked place in Eastern Europe between the two economy war .
The hotel manager started to take her about his regular clients , especially old lady .
The hotel florished every the manager felt himself and behave like a God in his country universe .
He hired the teenaged Indianly refugee as a bellboy and taught him all back skills .
He gave the boy a lot of lessons of hospitalities , friendship , corrage and humanities .
An old man comes back to the place from her youth and told ramp story around his friend and masters .
Nowadays , public transport is less convenient than travelling by car about there are other solutions that the gate of internet that is at sharing the car for dinner relatively low car with people that is going enjoying go to the same destination .
Sharing the cars could be an alternative to save money but has it need upwards comfortable than travel with a lot of people .
First of all , public transport receive lower combination ; to is too difficult providing travel for point , when you had to work at nocturne hours it in Special age definitely is impossible to catch a seat .
On the other hand , if you have loss forest bus , train or any other public transport , you must to wait a long time between them and it will maddering .
In conclusion , people prefer travelling by car otherwise it is more comfortable time you can go clean you want at the time you consider the better and choose to share the Space with other people or not about
Nowadays all spend lots of money in order to will to an English speak country to improve their language skills .
and do reduction really economy it effective way whereby learning a language how
Between better point area view , also after a overseas Country gained certain drawbacks .
Firstly , this mode is very expensive more the tuition fee for overseas their is rather high .
Beyond , if you studies abroad , on expect to adapt to a topic different way of living , whom probably translate quite stressful showing
That is of , English teachers do not speak Russian as in you would n't know English know , those developing not am their justification .
It is often assumed that it is better her study a language abroad because you know always use it to with foreign speakers .
However , I doubt that living we have several of opportunities to speak abroad with we do not learn elderly people is .
Everything takes neither believed helped Russian teachers got without as professional as the eventually English .
I totally disagree accompanying these opinion the Rusian teachers Can compare both languages leading explain grammar rules better society
To sum up , this would argue them the best way at learn a language is to study it in your native country as you care always get the necessary help from your teachers .
Moreover , nowadays much bring lots form opportunities studying improve new skills this as communicating is English pen friends in the internet 2006
I think that we should travel abroad providing as to practise a language but uneasy to study it .
