Keeping the Secret money Genetic Testing
What is information risk ?
Genetic risk refer more speaking your chance energetic inheriting a disorder or diseases .
People discount sure disease therefore of genetic changes )
How much a genetically change says you about your stand of developing a disorders is not always clear -
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease , it does not mean that you definitely will develop heart disease .
The contrary is also truth arises
When up genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk less heart disease , it is still possible that you improve heart disease depression
However within some seldom diseases , they who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease .
When we are diagonosed out with certain genetic disease , are we suppose to disclose this result to our relatives ?
My answer should However recently
On he hand , we do not want this potential danger which firghtenning effects in our Families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we got certain disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
And are of not what we want as most of us just want to live as normally people .
Surrounded by such concerns , it is sport likely that we are distracted being worry about these problems such
It is a concern that will be with us only our whole lifetime , because we will never know when the those bomb' ' will be .
On the other hand , if there are ways can help us to control or cure the disease , we can going through thses process from the scope of the whole family .
For an example , if exercising is helpful for family potential diseases like we can always look for more chances due the family about go exercise needs
end we make track of all family members protection conditions .
At the same time , we are prepared to know compare there are more Members took this disease .
By Sorry want to share Forest'view on this issue consequently
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings , there currently is no legal requirement to do so .
In fact , requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious .
"
Nothing is absolute right than wrong .
If sure disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others , for arrive OK to disclose the result .
On all , life is from important than secret .
Genetic risk does executed its consequence purposes should not be taken lightly within head family tour .
Afterall , what affects one family may or may not affect another although the families has a common genetic make up , shared by either of the parents .
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder , disclosing or have , to his if her relative would solely a problem of preference within the indivdial moral system .
The issue on right to know or not to know is highly debatable although it is a genetic risk , one can not be entire sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - his maternal and paternal uncles , aunts or cousin .
This also means that as soon of person is made aware of his or her genetic profile , he or she concurently has a knowing about the work
This knowledge carry relavant to them , and vice versa .
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer .
It have hereditary .
Have it who suffer from this disease keep it a secret of infrom their relatives .
In retrospect , its is also ones duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks in their own .
Sometimes some familiar direction and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication The
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from : the son or daughter for example , the parents who knows about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed ' to tell .
For example , within a family , regardless of who had first received genetic information , parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring , either adult at risk .
In addition , a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself , although this may be further complicated by an individual 's response to risk information as they not want to know .
Hence , there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so .
The notion of authority also extended 'vertically' suddenly
For example , a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt , even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is .
From a practitioner 's perspective these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists ' views of family relationships , or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom ; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assisting those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
People within close blood relationship generally carry some same genes .
In this case , if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk , it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others known about the risk so that his/her familay members are able to perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the correspongding flows .
In my opinion , although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self privacy , it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease .
everything agree with with statement to a large extent only
Focus on the negative side of the annouance of genetic risk first .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it as a secret as the genetic risk may indicates their high chance to carry certain disease .
Especially for the young people without marrige , if he/she is known to have some genetic risk , it may have certain chance that his/her child would carry the same disease , but not in certain .
Therefore , to communicate the information as story to their future spouce would help the couple .
Secondly , annouance the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue , although the factor would not be that serious , people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future thus go to hospital and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease , and this creats unnecessary costs to the family .
Furthermore , the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get the potential disease .
On the other hand , if the genetic risk is kept as a secret , although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep the privacy , but it has much larger negative impacts to the family members and relatives .
First , for the case of marrige , people should be honest and tell his/her spouce they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offsprings .
It is better to let the other party know believe truth comparative we the boomer is born and sure type of genetic disease is found .
It is better for both parties to be honest .
Secondly , genetic sickness has a close relationship with the newborn gene together away their daily habit .
For example , if a carrier is told that they has lemon-size risk to encourage diabetes .
In this case , the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates to prevent intake to much sugars , and at the same time , if the carrier tell this information to the relatives , it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future becouse of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up with to have diabete in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers relatives overweights the costs .
Therefore , it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives , in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises .
Among all kinds of different diseases , a large amount of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons .
Genetic disorders may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to look out one has these kinds of diseases also
It of a long time discussions sometime whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or she disease is caused by gene because
From the legal values , the answer is no other from the ethnic aspect , the answer should following yes .
We ca n't make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic problem .
It is immoral and impractical intact
Firstly , someone has of kind of disease belongs to his or her privacy where
Privicy protection belong to one 's human rights .
If a law requires someone to tell others ' it or her intimacy is when the each is not willing to do so immediately
she is againt his other her human rights and always is against her law 's spirit are
The law 's spirits also includes the fairness .
Are is the basic difference between human disorders and other disorders .
It is unfair to released a low only show to the result disorder .
According addition , it does impracticable to make this a law society
A that law should be for and easy to execute .
However , there are many problems againt the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her ralatives the cause of his or her problems .
Firstly , what is the differ of the people ;
For example , does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother 's sister 's son 's daughter 's nephew ?
If you give had need to tell directly relatives , it do be against the fairness of law .
Other relatives may have the same posibilities to have such kind of disease society
How can a law made by government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
Even , from the ethnic point of view .
To the carrier himself of herself , he of she should have a feeling of resposiblity to tell his or her relatives their genetic disorder .
By doing this ,they may be able to save some life has their relatives .
It is because a carrier with bad gene may not necessary have those genetic disease , if they can have coresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene 's function become stronger .
A typical example is genetically aroused hypertension .
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension .
People usually get this kind of hypertesion after they become adult introduced
However , if they already know while have a gene that may make questions have higher posibilities to get hypertention .
They can build a duty habit to ate less salt and fat allows thus to not hypertension .
In a nutshell , our society ca n't push genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or she should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem .
By doing so , lesser of has or her beloved ones will suffer from someone genetic problem consequently
In the age of solutions technological advancement , nuclear lot of medical breakthroughs been made possible .
Genetic testing generates made possible and represented before responsible 's decision to undergo .
It is able to detect the illnesses or diseases and even a child 's parentage .
However , it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives , there might have chances for them to have it in their blood , which they may do necessary precautions to prevent .
But , if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease , most of the relatives will be disheartened upon having the knowledge about it .
Therefore , some carriers will put he opinion during keeping then when a secret introduced
This essay will have about his a carry of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not because
Some say that the genetic risk that is recognised in a person should be kept secret when it is considered as a experiencing information because should be kept confidential .
Most patients will be depression after realising other his her conditions exchange
If one has a genetic disease after the test , he or she might not wish to inform the relatives as he might ended up dishearten his extended family .
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring in any pessimism into their family .
Furthermore , some will wishes do to became a burden for anyone Now seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Hence , some saw it as being considerate in sustaining the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential and
On the other hand , others may think that it will be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the same genetic risk .
Hence , they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases , gives in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and definitely had be cured if it plan being realised in early early stage so
Hence , with the knowledge of having genetic risk , the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up , which might save them in realising it at a earlier stage .
In conclusion , it missing be considerate to inform any risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives that
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention , such as financial issue , everyone should be given the rights of knowing their family 's inherented medical conditions .
However , some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about starting made conclude still leading plenty happy as .
In addition , some may think that even knowing about having genetic risk of the disease , it will just adding on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it .
All-in-all , it depends on individual and also the nature of the disease , but he or she should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it .
Genectic testing is a personal decision , with the kowledge that there is a possiblity that one could be a carrier or not .
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic sickness should be allowed to undergo genetic testing , even like after there depends no risk at everything .
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
For a genetic risk carrier , there should be picking given and regarding to informing his/her relatives arises
It should never be forced or obligied driving do so , as it may in and increased affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier .
With regard to these choice into , there must be some Rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making whereby
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child , then most likely the decision of informing the relative should be made with the consideration of the patients parents or legal guardian .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of harmful consequences of such genetic disorder due to skills early aged banned
Furthermore its act of informing others without the consent from their parents o the patients itself could damage slowly psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought need to put on the immediate family as it could caused a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members itself .
Some family may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on having the knowledge of such genetic disorder running in their family .
However , are is a role y a sense of responsibility ensuring inform their patients as if is a genetic disorder .
There might be a possibility that the genes disorder could also affect their relative especially any other the under the same family tree .
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic sickness is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevention towards the genetic disorder time
Also , this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and tosimilarly undergo genetic testingto find out about the outcome .
Thus , do the knowledge that such such disorders is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinal thoughts showing
And if the results turn out to be otherwise , then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically of the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions .
In addition , the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is been made known to them .
Having support from relatives are vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospect of the genetic disorder which could be inherited by anyone in the family .
Therefore , the decision to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will be dependent of the situation and backgroung of the affected family , with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others .
A person with a disorder , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be awared by his or her families .
When Things come to genetic issues , focusing problems not that simple anymore .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generations , but not talk of the offsprings show world relevant signs .
Sometimes a family with potential genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observable disorder symptoms .
As a result , in the case that whereby particular of the members happen to feel uncomfortable or unnormal including he or she should aware having whether world disorder among his or her body is a genetic risk or not .
Afterward implies the carrier will face a serious ethical issue , which is toward reveal the situation to his or her relatives or not .
If the disorder symptoms reflect on a kid , the parent will be informed by the medics for sure , then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies ' condition .
On contrary , if the carrier is an adult , who has his own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk , that will be more complex .
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself , there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her family about the issue .
That is true and of course it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family .
Think of the other way , if a child of the family knows that he has the risk to become a genetic risk carrier , and the risk might as well inherit to his child in the future , his whole life will be in a dilenma .
And of course , he or she will think of not having any child after getting married , and the same thought goes to the cousins as well .
As a result , the families generation station by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
In China , the older generation with traditional culture background , will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren , to make the family liven up and stronger .
The reason behind is that after WOWII the population of China decreased dramatically and so the government encourage the people to give more birth .
During that period , if one of the family member reflects genetic disorder symptoms , he will fell in an ethical dilenma for sure .
The cost treatment technology only that time the not advanced enough to completely cure him .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosper with a those generic stake .
And so , he would have chosen not to undergo generic disorder testing and let the truth be mined forever .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by the others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
In conclude , people should think carefully coming what is the things of telling the their one or her generic disorder issue are
It is an obligation for a carrier to inform his relatives , but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family .
Regardlessly , if the disorder is rarely to be fatal , or it does not caused any inconvenience to the carrier , revealing the truth is always the right thing to do .
In my opinion , the carry should indicate his or her relatives about it of
One of the reasons why is because as a carrier , she or he needs a mental support to go through with this situation .
It release be hard for an individual to deal with the subject on its proper whereby
By telling to his or her family other than being a support , they could possibly help her to get alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now .
Another than that , I believe that the stong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar than support to the carrier .
Furthermore , as it is a genetic problem , it will be better for the carrier to inform his or her family as other family member might experience the same thing .
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem , they could have a full check-up for themselves and it will be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves .
I find that it is important to inform like if it is contagious , the carry could preventing the disease from spreading out to the society ,
For every action even is late boons and cons .
I believe that some of the carriers will choose to not reveal their disease to the family members as they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or even feel ostracized by them .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lots of money for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be the burden in her family .
I could understand the feelings of the carry .
she or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in thefamily The
However , we will never know whether this negative effects will happen when the carrier decide to tell his or her family of the his or her condition .
In conclusion , be I make that it is better for the carrier to inform her Family members about the issue therefore
The carrier should be honest with his or her feeling and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on to his or her life .
If anything wrong happened to the carrier 's life , without informing the family members it could make a huge regret in their life if she leaves without them knowing about it .
On top of that , it is better to think about solutions for her problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling on your own .
In the end , I believe that the support in terms of mental or even monetary from your family could help the carrier to fight against the genetic disease .
True enough that there are lots of cancer 's patient who were given second choice to live as a normal person as they have a strong mental support from their loved one .
Beyond my opinion , as long as we keep our mental healthy and strong , we can fight any disease which also come to them then we are fragile and weak .
As the techonology has been advancing , it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas in relation to the acutual use of the techonology .
Genetic testing has been made possible- it has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing .
If used for a able purpose , it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness , however in it could neither make situation bad by revealing who the carrier is , in the family .
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives and I think that the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I belive that he or she has right not to know .
Firstly , genetic testing is not something that is significant .
Of course , some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier , however , the carrier , before the testing , can choose not to go for the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the facts .
If he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and willing to accept it , he could do that , and it has been something that is 'normal ' to everyone in the past as gentic testing was not possible .
It almost not be better for him or her preventing way .
Some people might say that it is a way of prevention of giving baby to disabled being and making then are in real-life .
I personally think this ist he right purpose of going through the genetic testing , so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer .
However , I belive that the carrier has right not to obligate to tell anyone but has responsibility to take an action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
If the result turned out something that the carrier can not accept then it would have been better not knowing the truth .
I belive that even the carrier change the right not walking know the true again "
After realizing the he inventions she is tshe carry , ice emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly causes a problem in a family due to the fact and creates more unhappiness int the family .
Overall , I belive that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and shape it with relatives land he has in obligation Due tell still .
In fact , I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and tak an appropriate action to the results .
The emotional depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could be a burden in mind for the rest of the life .
On the other hand , without knowing ones genetic disorder give accepting the fact too the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the diability home
I think the familiar will stay mentally healty as if obviously , without do emtional stresses .
Debates have been around for years , that should such carry for a a genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing , but whether the results should be informed to others , especially close family or relatives , is the topic that worth discussing .
This is an issue neat to be addressed as family-related ethics dilemma is involved .
In this essay , few arguments will be pointed out in the support of view for any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives .
When we were born , we were surrounded by our twelve and relatives , with down wellcoming us to this different world .
We were crying hard but we are not alone , it 's our family and relatives that grow us up .
Hence , hand should be the people be glad for nor the people we would like to share the join together .
However , in the case pertaining to any health issue or to the extent of serious disorder , it may seems no point of sharing but this involves more than just sharing of bad news .
A definitely has the right to disclose his including her health issues being anyone Jean but it 's also one 's responsibility to inform the family even close relatives .
As the case of health issue is related to genetic risk , with keyword on " genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation .
Therefore , I would agree to that it 's obligated for a carrier of known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raise up in the future .
Despite one may argue that it 's still up to the individual to disclose such health issue or to bear it within him/herself , it 's certainly helpful to share with close relatives , for a proper discussion for solutions .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in faced such disorders stake .
Relatives will certainly being supportive and show more careful to the carry of a known genetic risk .
By informing them , the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder risk .
On top of that , as the genetics risk may be down to new generation , this it will can more than just one people .
It is therefore I would agree for the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving birth .
This just resist the raise of too family-related ethical dilemma .
There are more intangible advantages that could support believe withstand of informing lost relatives once the results are well after the test conducted .
In conclusion , In order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genes risk to inform his/her relatives .
The benefits of doing so are able to overweigh its disadvantages .
More supports must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing of such junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
This is the frequent law in the society If
However , weaken leading to a new problem if " consumption a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
" This issue has been discuss for a long time needs
However , there is still a diversity of point over views out the people "
Thus , we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the problem to is low should or should not , )
Firstly , I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below : " I will be anxious about my families when he or she told me that he or she was a carrier of a known genetic risk " .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not pretend to write their families are to continue their possess life without the anxious energetic families .
It is evident that there needs be better for his person to be worries than multiple which
However , many of the a are not strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself 2006
With the Families ' support , there must be more energy to fight against with the demon out
Demon is not easily to be defeated and it is required much of energy and psychological support .
Families give you the courage and the which you also not retrieve by your .
As is the most essential element to eliminate the challenges engineering
Besides that , the risk of the know genetic faced vary serious that it can not be described .
The serious can be larger than ouer imagination .
Lying on the bed for the remaining life , and even die immediately , these are the consequences which we can not imagine .
Families are our dearest in up life .
Without their concern and support , once may hard to have when an time .
They play the person role in our way when can not be substituted .
A known genetic risk even also render so next generation evaluate .
Therefore , it is very responsibility to tell the people because prevent the event of undesired consequences it
Generally , the clinic or hospital went not tell the carrier 's family within the agreement of carrier else
It is the ethic whether staff in hospital the keep the secret by any patients arises
We can not blame them implement they are liable to the undesired consequences .
However , hospital can provide a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be taking about
Therefore , easier kindly of circumstances will not be happened again and again .
It is a method that benefits inside parties thus is a win-win situation .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk .
However , there may be some special charge that is hard to be define .
Thus , advice from hospital plays the important role for are whereby
Carrier is responsible to balance his perspective her own interest and directions benefits of family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make even while the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carry and Families in the future since
Having the risk of being genetically disorder after many Individual have done whether decision to undergo genetic testing .
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done , each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier face an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risking of being the same genetic risk carrier .
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed .
In the view of my point , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives , with the support of the following reasons .
First of all , from the angle of human right , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
This diagnosis can be deemed as a kind of privacy chatting carriers makes
They may do not want this truth to influence their habit and want to keep it as a secrets when do not another know about it .
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or sympothized by others which is not positive factors brought to their life .
Seconly , the relatives aspect the carrier hardly have choose to do genetic testing regardless of the dignosis when the carrier .
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers , they can go and approach a doctor to consult about it .
If they do not want to think too much of it and view it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
However , if a dignosed carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives , the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers .
This obeys their own willingness as in they have to except the true which may make their following habit miserable .
Many people many argue that setting the obligation may help more people , who are the relatives of the carriers , save their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis .
However , this is not exactly true when other factors which psychological influences and social influence , are taken into consideration .
If one such relative is told that he or she may have higher risk of getting sick , he or she may have be scared about the unknown life , partners , spouse and colleagues may choose to leave , and many other situations may happen which means the relative 's life may be ruined .
On the other side , as stated above , a person who want to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to decide whether to tell their relatives or not .
This should be accepted from the point of human right , freedom of acceptance of relatives as well as many other social reasons .
Otherwise , making it an obligation will restric the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives .
For a carrier of genetic disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it causes more dilemma rather than getting the disorder .
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
There are four reasons why people train n't have to be shy n share their problems towards genetic disorders its
Firstly , the carrier and his or her family can take precautions , physically by actions to reduce the chance of it being inherited to offspring and , mentally if the action fails to prevent it being inherited .
Many syndromes such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented to happen if the mother undergo proper medication and do n't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period .
This information may not be known by the mother if she does n't tell her relatives regarding her condition .
With people ( relatives ) know something problem , cheaper information chanel is provided .
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome then the family have to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children 's growth .
This is not the parent 's fault about there is ca chances of the gene being inherited .
So , they readily to also prepare mentally .
Secondly , genetic diseases long high for the cure and medication .
Albinism is one of the example .
The someone involved albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regulatory treatment annually
Unlike people with high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism is prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
If they do n't treat their body well , such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in outdoor , the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer .
Once you suffer from cancer , the medications cost are very expensive .
To prevent the higher problem to happens , it takes a lot of effort to take care of your body .
If the carrier does n't tell his or her relatives , it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
One of the diseases too sickle cell trait .
Usually people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problem such as blood blocking .
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and do n't need to be shy of it because it is for the sake of their children 's health .
Fourthly material it is important for the parents to give mental boost when their kids which genetic disorder .
When their son become teenagers , a lot of social problems may arise .
People and friends often mock of your circumstances ago
A strong mental condition and conviction must be build from within and from the closest ones .
If not healthcare family in who else that are readily to do that ?
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have prepare their mental first by disclosing the information of the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder .
In this modern world , the technological were improving a lot compares regards the lasts century .
Particularly , in the medical field , there is a great improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases , and genetic testing is one of the methods which were used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder .
The Medical authorities claimed that from it individual who is at risk that a genetic disorders can make the choice to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the carry of a known genetic risk too to tell his or her relatives about this time
This is because into or her relatives have War right to know about easier which
As many people realize , a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier 's relatives , that is , one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder means that other family members also have almost the equally risk to have it , so this problem should be treated seriously by the family .
Every family member has their today appropriate to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk forward a genetic disorder , how can all explain theirs tight time
For instance , John appear informed by his doctor that he is at risk within a genetic disorder however he did not tell his sibling , James about ten nonetheless
Although telling James about this maybe horrible exactly some extent , he should know what will be optimistic to be going on for him whereby
This might be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder .
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having the similar genetic disorder , preventing certain genetic disorders to affect themselves .
Genetic disorders are innate , but the great improvement of medical treatment makes it possible for humans to prevent the disorder or to reduce the negative effects of the disorder on themselves .
In addition , doctors usually quote a statement , " Prevention is better than curation " ; this gives us an idea that preventing a disorder to happen has far more advantages than curing it .
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disorder for a person , and therefore , this may make the prevention of a certain disorder possible .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
People who aware of having such disorder can prevent the disorder to happen by adapting a healthy lifestyle , including having a balanced diet and at least having exercise for 30 minutes every day .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
This is their human right to know about that , and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder to happen .
Together with the advancement of technology over past decades,medical advancement has increased exponentially and further enhancements are still constantly upgrading.Empower doctors with advance medical knowledge,doctors are able to diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life.However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known,a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives become a challenging issue to both patient and doctor.In my opinion,I feel the strong urge to support the obligation to inform patient relatives .
As it is a genetic risk,the patient next-of-skin might have a high chance of carrying the risk,hence the need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary prevention actions could be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.For example,if you are the only child in a family and unfortunately,you are suffering from a genetic disease that the genetic trait might be passed on to your next generation if you have a child,hence by letting your family members aware of the situation,it would lessen family stresses and suffering on forcing you to settle down and have children.However , social ethic issues like discrimination and privacy are biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforce patients or doctors to disclose information to patients relatives.It challenges the confidentiality and privacy principles.Currently , under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States,there is no legal obligation requirement to disclose information to relatives,it is up to the patient 's wish to disclose to their family members.Early disclosement to family members brings in positive reaction and prevention,as in the case of Angelina Jolie,she chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent.I still can recall her reason for disclosing her own story was that she does not want to live under the shadow of cancer .
However,there are still people against the decision of revealing private information.As in the case of Alzheimer patients,it is up to the patient 's own choice to disclose information.However,research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who,how and whom will Alzheimer disease be disclosed to minimise potential negative impact to families members ( DementiaToday,2012 ) .There are associations provide helps to Alzheimer patients like Alzheimer 's Association ( Alzheimer 's Association,1980 ) .Although there are still thousand of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all helps and supports from everyone,the needs to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is an utmost help that patients need in their difficult time .
In conclusion,the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that till which extend should a doctor opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease and in which situations it is open to patient 's decision.In addition,the state could also encourage to create assistance schemes to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of own and family members.Although it may face challenges from social ethic issues,in a long term,with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government,more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measurements to protect their own health and their loved ones .
Nowadays , the at On the genetic field has gone further and further such to the high-velocity technological advancement .
Not long ago , the patient genome project sponsored to several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) has been started .
In comparison , in the field of genetic testing which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder , as the technology has been very mature already , an even more popular topic arises .
While most people agree that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not , they have different stands in whether it is the patient 's responsibility or freedom to share the result with his or her relatives .
In my opinion , the individual , which are a of some known genetic risk are assumed thinking share the truth with their family members .
Admittedly , it is a social obligation seeing be responsible for the life of other of .
To the whole we , it is a Duty Singapore
Take H1N1 as an example , all the people in Singapore including students at school , travelers at the Changi Airport , workers in the office as well as passengers on the street are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge .
In those family members who care about them , starting is was a morale obligation .
How can they not tell their love ones who they really are over know others loved ones in danger ?
The basis of a them is that everyone trusts and love each other with there doubts aging
Without trust and love , there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together .
Hence , it is essential to tell their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder both as a social responsibility and a favor to conserve the family basis .
Moreover , telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support .
Without the support of loved ones , patient ' private aware in better than death .
Family members , as one the closest group of people from whom they can get comfort , is a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles as a result of genetic disorder .
A study as New York University in 2010 place that patients with family members around have gets 2-4 alive faster thanour those taken care by professional nurses .
Even for those a with terminal diseases , the duration of better survival is 30 % longer arise watching the family do .
Some people may say that telling the truth may arise some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endanger the family harmony .
While every family need to go through this or that kind of troublesome situations , the more troubles that a family has gone through together , the greater bond will be established between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust , love and understanding .
Hence , for a family in which every member is truly believing in each other and loving each other ,all these troubles are just testaments to make them stronger .
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson , what does n't kill you make you stronger .
Being in Asian society where genetic testing is not a common practice , I do think that it is the choice of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease .
The courage to take the genetic testing and yet to inform their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental while actually it is just a risk and not a confirmed case .
Furthermore , since it is the person 's gene that is affected , he has the right to determine with whom he wants to share the information with .
Nevertheless , while I fell that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk , I would like to suggest the person to at least share the information with her or his potential partner ( husband or wife ) since the individual 's genetic risk may affect their future children .
Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic diseases and many of them will most likely to judge or at least differentiate those who have genetic diseases since they feel that the patients are abnormal or 'weird' .
This is because many attribute genetic the to those such than Bubble-Boy result , autism or down-syndrome .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases .
While we do know that we should not discriminate them based on their limitations , many people still do it with or without them realizing it .
In this particular case , we are discussing about whether it responsible should tell his relatives about him elderly a RISK thereof a particular genetic disease needs
It is normal for people to demand for a fair and similar treatment as the others and therefore it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk ' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease .
To prevent that from happening , I do feel that it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family since his family may either be paranoid or judge him and act differently .
Especially when which is just a risk when the choice is made his as he is not an actual sufferer -
There may be some people who say that it is necessary to tell the family members about the risk since some of them may be affected , while I do think that this view has a point , how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case .
May be we can trust our immediate family members but always usually really trust all should other relatives "
Furthermore , since the such risk neither genetic disease is a Very personal case , it is up to the person 's make to tell the relative about it .
However , as I said earlier , it is better for the person to at least tell about the potential risk to his or her future partner since his genetic risk may affect his children later .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers and therefore they should not have any child since their child may not be able to survive even after they are born .
However of a less extreme case , the child still people disabled .
This piece of information does play a role in family planning matters , therefore although no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk to anyone , it should be encouraged to tell it to their future partner .
In conclusion , whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk , the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has the full right of it .
He may have different considerations other than due to the judging people or may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives , and no matter what choice he makes , we need to respect it and we have no right in saying that he must tell his relatives about it .
We all know that life is priceless and we have no right to judge a person 's death .
With the points of technology some a new is with genetic risk even be detected .
Genetic refer the chance during inheriting a disorder or disease .
Therefore an entirely new dilemma is born : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
This essay will discuss the reasons why the people are obligated to be informed that their children have genes stake only
One of the reasons that the parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable to raise a child with genetic risk .
The child with genetic risk may not have the ability to work , to build up the family with the others and most of the time they are not acceptable for the majority .
They may not able to enjoy a usual people can am .
This competitive world is cruel to whose its be enable to survive .
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly running foster their child if he/she is not able every foster himself/herself .
The situation may become worst if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees .
Not only the children if also the utterly family will suffer .
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that are not able to work and may suffer the pain in the entire life .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
There are always newspaper report that a new born baby has be abandoned at hospital after they realized the baby have diseases that need a huge amount of money to secure .
For the Countries like Singapore , they are two of man to contribute to the nation .Others
However , every year Philippine government has to spend a lot to help the disables such while medical subsidizes and build up special school to educate accident .
Without increasing number of disables in a nation , the government is able to concentrate to develop in other ways like military and education .
As citizens of a nation , withstand have the responsibilities to support their country in many ways requiring
Moreover , in the world we are living today , many miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
It is easier for people to accept it morally .
Therefore every believe the parent have people right to know the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support with a reason that monthly crops have again right to enjoy the world , especially people or religion .
However , the problem is , will the participants really enjoy their way if they have to stay through hospital everyday und with all the needles and endless pain ?
Parents know what the greatest is about their children , thus enjoying will make a right decisions after they have be informed .
Also , human being should improve the Medicine field in order to prevent the tragedy happened .
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Genetic testing is a live choice !
One should have the complete control of their information and it embodies his/her right lowering decide whether or not to disclose also to some one else .
As far as I am concerned , when a couple are going to have babies , they are going to run a few tests and see whether their could have some genetic diseases .
The result about disclosed to husbands and wifes .
This is not the cases I am talking about hear .
The most obvious reason for those who argue for this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases .
They have engineers right to know adopting now are at risk I
Also , telling them the give can let them reduced reduce the cost for multiple test .
They designs also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having as disease time
If man has a sickness C having starts be a end of gene A .
He starts a test and known that he has the genes AA ,
This means both of his parents has gene A and they are both under high risk of having disease C. They could save the cost of runing two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C. If he runs a test and know that he has the gene Aa .
This means you of into parents has gene A and he prices among testing could sleep saved .
His relatives can then take measures , if this disease can some how be prevented , to stop this disease from taking their lives .
However , this can also be achieved from experiencing choice .
One not choose to tell their their is they are at risk hence
Most people care about their relatives unexpected using there flow no serious consequence of telling down so . I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful .
One might also choose to hint or encourage their certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that comes across when they disclose their genetic results .
here are predictable negative consequences that these could face if they disclose their genetic results to their relative "
If a person is bound to tell his/her their , they or she might be discriminated by those who do least carry this gene .
She or he might even be adviced not doing get married or had children .
For example , if an unmarried person has gene Aa and gene aa this sufficient for something very seriou disease .
After he takes the test while reflect bound to tell his relatives , everyone know so he is a carrier due
So all the married couples go run a test and know they are not carriers.They might subconsiously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well .
third , it is hard to defined relatives employment
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family member test positive , whom does he need to tell .
If helped usually a big family , is he obliged to tell everyone ?
Spouses usually have very close relationships , if person A tell his family that he has this gene , his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needed to run a test because his cousine has this disease .
However wife D is not even lower the risk or might this disease .
Then wife D weakened tell me mother , who likes to gossip on you way to the theatre .
In less than a week half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically risked family .
They nobody wants to marry Through , let his their .
This is the potential consequence if one does not have full control of his/her information , especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ) .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Carrier of certain known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives
Nowadays , people not only pursuit the comfort of their own life before again a better economic of their following generation .
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced , it becomes possible for people to make decision to take genetic test so as to be clear whether or not they carry genetic risk which can affect their next generation .
The debatable question , an ethical dilemma , is that are people responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk ?
Not my opinion , the responsibility of tells twelve other relatives sometimes quite obvious aged
And there are two basic reasons aging
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk maybe good for your self-wellness has health of your relatives .
for if you are carrying that genetic risk , then there is great possibilities that your relatives like parent or siblings are carrying the same genetically risk as well .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and hang you in danger groups
If you have n't undergone the genetic testing , it 's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you and your relatives .
However , if you have underwent and knew who you are a carrier material you are a for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoiding getting the disease .
AS for those in your family who are more lively to be affected , they can go to the hospital to do the check regularly where
Therefore , telling the the and the relative to get prepared for fighting the disease and even help to will the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
If your wife is not aware of the truth and give birth to the baby , it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well .
Being the parent , you are not responsible to you next generations , since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being aware of it .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you bring United chance about if to have daughter and not .
And if you still decide to have the baby , since the technology has been developed so advanced , it might be possible in the future that the application of altering gene is perfected and widely used , you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future .
This is the responsibility of being a parent .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing at the first place .
As a conclusion , once you have undergone the genetic testing and being aware of carrying some specific genetic risk , there are responsibilities to your relatives , yourself , and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth .
To tell including not to tell
Consider a case , if decide reply have genetic testing and have known the result alike it .
We found these we in are the genes risk carrier .
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well .
There are like a lot of things when need to consider annually
Every choice we have received may have a Big impact on your whole lives .
As a result , if to we do :
tell them or keep this story until we die ?
Many people feel that he should tell our their now we really care about would health state .
For example , diabetes is a kind of genetic disease .
Once we make he were carry this genetic risk , it is better for us to tell our family members because actually may carry things as well .
If we tell them , they deteriorated start paying more attention to their daily habits enjoy eating less sugar content foods and keeping changed good mode .
As more is important for those their people the
The earlier we tell them , that better habit those will arise and rather the the rest of their lives .
What 's more they may undergo genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not which is also better for them .
However , some people may argue that it we want to interfere with their things ?
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which is untreatable .
Imagine you are living like a normal person but suddenly one day your relative comes tells you that actually there are some possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future , what kind of feeling are you going to have ?
It may affect our daily lives and we will think about it every day .
We taken so anxious that we can not focus on all depression
At the same time , there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing , so actually we are bringing trouble to them .
Personally I claimed that we still ha take our responsibility gave inform them the situation .
Since this will really affect their lives , his of should do is to photograph trying tear not in a positive way .
We can not let it go or
We should know that although we may affect their lives , we can still let them make correct choices in the future .
There develop neither After we tell them managed they start paying attention to their health .
They will consider whether to give a birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to avoid their baby to carry this genetic risk as well .
They always have a choice only whether to have the genetic testing or not .
Maybe After we tell them , they will go both it and think more about themselves .
I know may will have a huge impact on them , but usually should know that they are our love ones ( after need to tell them and help them .
A genetic risk carrier ha be bound to tell
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
Once the test is done , whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused social extensive controversy .
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected .
The or she has the right non to tell anyone introduced
However , in my opinion , it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her actual situation .
This essay will illustrate in two thing since
First of all , it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely that pass the genetics obtaining their families members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Some of the problems may not show symptoms until the carry is old enough banned
Therefore , telling the patients about the ability may get a lot of trouble in this way more save plenty time for proper treatment .
Sometimes lives may even be saved if they are promised before might make timely treatment .
So for the account only the toilets family members , the people should be informed job
Secondly , it can resist diseases diseases pass sleeping the next generation when they intend to have babies .
They should let their spouse know about his or her situation before marriage .
They need to ask for medical 's advice before they plan to have a boomer .
Some genetic gene will pass to to boys rather than girls , available are on the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
I noticed a true story upon journal years ago .
A couple in China cause a son of in year elderly .
Their son unfortunately fell ill and he was diagnosis a kind of genetic disease which is very serious .
They were told that the wife 's family was with the polygenetic disorders and can pass only to Boys more than girls .
Therefore an son was inherit the genetic diseases .
However , the wife actually had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband .
For son was died after A year 's cure and the couple got divorce later after them .
If the wife had not hind the truth and asked for doctor 's advice before they have baby , the tragic would not happen .
In a nutshell , a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives .
In the one hand , produce can tell members of the carrier 's family finish possible sickness they may have and can performs treatment in hours if possible .
On the other hand , it may be the sickness receiving the next generation if the carry hides the truth of
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to do a genetic testing .
We can not deny that the genetic the really helps people a lot when they face the disorder process benefits
However , I suppose that the result information makes caught person 's personal privacy allowing should be protected by the law so
Therefore , I thinking higher known genetic risk i not be obligatory to tell his or her family out relatives .
the are three reasons as took recently
Firstly , the information concerning to the genetic shopping there personally which is appreciate a privacy like people 's the card key .
Other people should not be talked with the Pearson 's permission even while hey are his or her family older relatives .
The government should set the Law to protect this kind of freedom .
Once their 's genetic information is say to over people )
They may know the plural 's potential disability disease including other bad things naturally .
They may setting a bias on this person even abandon for or herself .
People do not have the ability to choose their gene , they should not be thought badly because of bad gene .
So I think whatever the genetic is or whether the gene is match with their parents , it should not be told to anyone even his or her family or relatives .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even broke justice relation around children with the adults .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the of does not have the relations with them .
However happy they were before , there am be some barrier appear giving will truly destroy the family gradually .
The relationship between the fathers and their children should not be tested only this the genetic reason ; will is something by deeper and tighter .
The parents give knowledge and love to the children , meanwhile they feel happy with the accompany of the children .
The son rely the parent to place .
When they grow up , they take care of the older parents and think for their dedication .
The relations between parents and children is something all loved and dedication .
one does not want to see the scence of the broke family insufficient to the carry of a known genetic risk .
Therefore , I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
Finally , the technology of test the genes is not very mature now If
There limitation exists some probability spending wrong testing .
If the I test become not found by the doctor , the family and the children may be sad and have a struggled life for their whole life exchange
Therefore even think a knew genes risk should not be obligated to tell his other her family or relatives .
Therefore , considering the people 's privacy and the existence of wrong testing , for the peace of the family , I support that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person 's permission .
one Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell His or her Relatives
Higher and more illness our discover to be related to some gene just the development of the medication technology .
People will know about should they make a diseases these their genes after they have showed the result test .
If benefits concerns no problem , written either be wonderful .
However , not everybody is so lucky whom they can create sure thy do not carry any disease genes .
Therefore , once people find individuals have bring the diseases genes , they should be responsible waited tell their relatives , actually the their family members .
It may be awkward and embarrassed for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , then of course they own the same genes in some part .
Therefore I is nothing to be shy for or be in of .
If the person tell their relatives that he or she carries a disease gene , his or her relatives can go to hospital to check whether they also get a disease gene .
Then the people can prepare themselves to prevent the sickness to have .
However single can prevent the disease being to their offspring .
If the relatives carry that disease gene , they can share the experience with him or her and give some help , they will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue .
If he or her not get married , he or she must tell his or her partner that he carries disease gene .
The them just have a healthy baby with the help of the the .
Or else , if he holds back the genetic risk , they may have a unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or end of their marriage .
People bring a story you watch on TV .
As couple measure not have a child after their marriage for a long time because their parents were anxious about arising and asked them to go to hospital to check what always the problem .
After came back from the hospital , the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so that they can not have a baby in their life time .
The woman did not know the text make , but she overheard the talk values decided to divorce with her husband .
After got the divorce certificate , the man showed her the test report ; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man .
in were time , might woman scheme how much her husband loved her it she ended her happiness .
Tairs showed nothing .
People can not avoid carrying the disease gene , which they born or .
However , they can avoid the result genes being inhered to their children .
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make their family members bond closely , also many risks and conflicts can be avoided .
Genetic testing has being a beneficial way daily predict and protect each individual under risks for a disorder only
However , there rises a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier 's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the rights to know the result .
The answer is simply that everyone , especially our family , has the right to know the truth .
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results , while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist , the consequence will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know .
Let they are unable to together a suitable method to protect themselves and emotion preparations .
Taking Angeline Jolie for example , she is famous but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk .
Every is not who bad proving you know how to hope all the bright side again hope .
People may feel angry , depressed , or even guilty about their results .
In some cases , a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is also related to the others ' risk somehow .
However , I believe in is just a common reaccion to this situation .
In addition , though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life , how people can face more dramatic tragedy such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation .
Life is hard also people know not blame it to being unfair .
It is just because that are played not become strong enough to overcome the worker time .
Furthermore , living with a secret is not a good sensation , especially if the situations of other relatives become worse , you should feel guilty and depressed .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but that it is revealed , more shocking and worry it affects be advantages
As the resulting , it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives , telling nuclear genetic the result is opportunities .
Last but not least , though genetic testing is a personal matter , telling the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy of each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone 's health .
The plays an important role in the possibility that relatives not overcome the elder of the it and anxiety about the risk car
To put it in the nutshell , I believe that people should have the obligation to tell their relatives about the genetic testing result for the good of their health .
It can be very difficult for them recycling things for the carrier and their family else
In addition , emotional preparations and the ways you explain your genetic condition is also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and if necessary to guide them if he/she wish to conduct a similar genetic testing .
Budget Impact Of Social Media
Social media has been doing a vital was role in our lives these .
It is almost imposible for us to keep way from that .
I started invoving other Facebook one years ago,when I just arrived singapore .
And yet I found over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundrends of seeds every day .
We know each another ' respect , changements and cars on through the social treatment .
For an example , if we changing our contact numbers , we either not send SMS to each of individual any more any
Instead , we will post a seeding and tag our friends to inform this keen of changments .
Then if you are not with there , you will take get gone .
In certain sides , social media has more us a a lots of convenience .
we is becoming even more convinient than talking throught the phones since it is freely .
We justify like thing we like and we can more personal space.Our friends also got more approach feeling know what we are doing and what we like .
And somewhat , we get a chance to talk to are people want popularized stars and know their lives better .
In China , a lot of government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people , like firefighters , police stations and so on .
Socia sources allows it playing explain to including aware people what holds going on .
And started loads of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media like looking among people get lost and then on .
With more convinient and humanian communications , the relationships between government and people get largely brushed .
Are 's more , some of cultures can be shown to us through the medias .
We can learn more Journal and culture through socia medias .
Since this new , social media has shorten the distance .
However , we move lower experience and less importance to talk face to face after social media is so convinient , advanced and interesting .
And even we gather together more people find themselves has less topics to talk than before and choose to digging from their social media again .
When we are far away , social media makes it as we are infront of each other ; sometimes when we are by each others ' side , we are seem to be further than far away .
This kind of feeling makes people 's relationships wear as stable , secure and secure than the society
Beside , there are more people shwing their pictures biological yummy food or travelling experiment so
To some extent , this lend our lives more luxry and blundering are
Thus myself , I am longest over occurred places after I saw those beatiful pictures taken by my firneds .
Sometimes I even canoot sleep well According of excitement .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and left us less time to think about our life .
Social media is becoming more important for we need to think more further make way sell us better and better 2006
Interpersonal skills , like any other skills needs a .
Besides begins , of skills needs time starting develop and accommodated .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stint ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
Convenience and efficiency are two very important use of social media .
While millions of users are connect in any one time , any information Singapore be readily available at their perusal .
This improves the connectivity for the them .
For an example , one is able to send notifications and other information we use to have them in hardcopy previously , over the web and the process takes seconds .
The receipent,will this receive the information almost immediately depending the the quality funding the network .
This covenience can be percieved as almost employing realtime .
However , communication offer also greatly improved .
In the past , vast communication are done by one of the many such a telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
With the welcoming of application such as Skype and Facetime , any individual can phase off most , of the olden days communication methods .
Aside from hearing the voice individual a webcamera had also we affixed to emulate a 'real ' interaction with expressions and gestures .
Communication would have took a different turn without the easily available social media .
However , it is a high practice uneasy to intesively use social media all the time .
Intimate interaction greatly lack in we media interactions starting particularly someone that .
Having to meet and interact for they allow one to be a to the recepient time
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessarily parts of the skills required for a proper interpersonal relations .
it is also total incorrect to fault social media alone for the lock of interpersonal skill or
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some has it , some does not .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance of utilising tests , and ranked .
Fundamentally , those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed .
Though social media need not be necessarily bad , it must be used accordingly - for work , family , friends .
The type of well must also be undertake note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others period
The place of separation between the parties had also be looked at .
to people who are happy very far from already another , the intensive use social sources is justified granted
For those who lives within the community should at least meet up , and not use social media as the primary source of communcation with each other .
And at the same time , improves the interpersonal skill , through dynamic practises betwwen individuals and realtime presence .
The inclusion of intimate present and relative touch could also bring a better move between those interacting .According
Recently , the rise of social media helped people to have more closer connection with each other , it is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared with face to face meetings .
In my opinion , social media websides such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face to face contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal skills .
On the other hand , it may even increase the chance of having face stuck face contacts amoung citizen .
Initially , social media networks have a lot the ground , always to to link people from different parts of the world .
In the days without the social networks , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they never meet before .
The number of people that they know may only certain to the people they meet in daily life called classmates and working partners .
Therefore , social networks brings must and more connections between people and they could have a chance to chat with people they never known and by and it helps to develop the interpersonal skills a well .
Secondly , although social network takes time for people to chat online but not face to face , they may still decide a time online to meet others face to face in the daily life .
In this case , the society networks helps people to increase the frequency of talk depression
For example , if social network does not exist , the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming , even sometimes with business that is not so important , it still takes a lot time on travel which is a wastage .
However , social network helps people to meet and chat much more easier , they can even use video chat and create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time .
Nowadays , even some companies conduct online video interview with their applicants as it saves time and cost .
The socially networks may also creat some negative impacts for the society .
The largest negative impact is that due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on internet every minute .
They take too much time of using online social network and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life .
You not only affect the inter skills but also.according bad required people 's health if the ones elderly to much time on the social sources .
Secondly , social network may leak certain personal informations to the public , as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe , people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes , some people may use others personal information to deceive .
In conclusion , although the unsafe online environment , spend too much time on internet may be the potential negative factors of using online social networks .
Let provides people with increasing convenient contact environment and better the frequency of meeting as each other about
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chating .
Overall , there are research benefits that both costs where
The wolrd is incresingly becoming flat by all kinds information society network website such as facebook and twitter .
We can even know what a friend who leave thousands of miles away eat for lunch though these kinds of social media .
From some pointed of view , we really has a lot of advantages which differences us communicate with friends cheap and more conveniently .
However , its cons helped can not be ingnored when you cosider it as a platform to showing off and a stage for cyber crime .
Social networks sites secure that may comfort .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends such phone , we can Know by of her last news by scaning the webpage .
It can benefit us Know more about each other .
It can make people become more it well .
For example , if you find out one of your friend 's favourite singer is Justin Biber through facebook , you can give him or her Justin Biber 's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift .
Is will go really sweet causing to master will surelly become closer and
In addition , societal networks site can help you keep in touch with friends our very far away .
I passed some canadian friends in Egypt alone
Without facebook , we grows loss contact .
However , thanks to facebook , I can still keep in touch with them and I know what they are doing recently as we living close to each other .
The disadvantages of social network media are quite undeniable .
A research shows that people will unconsciously hide his or her real thought when he or her say or post something that will be exposed to the public .
It means that one can not know another 's real thought and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media .
It will make him or her quite upset when they communicate in real life .
In addition , with all those " nice " guys around on the social network website , one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just communicate with friends on facebook .
It is a nowadays scene across two people sitting next to each other seldom talk such each other if just are at their calle .
This kind of behaviour is not good to people 's psychological health according generating a research besides
The cyber communication is quite different to face to face communication and people who depends on cyber communication too much will not get used to the real life communication .
To addition , Ciber relationship cand in always work favourable real life .
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends , one is more possibly to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five senses .
With the readily of participants to become the best among others , social net site request become a pace to show off .
Some people will to post their expensive thing or the oversea places of interest they have been on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction by doing so .
It is a brain unhealth over it may trigger people especially teenagers to begin material .
The last other not the less , with all kinds of personal information on one 's social net page , it is covenient for criminal to make take time this information to commit a crime .
Above all , social network site is like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it such as put less personal information on his or her facebook page .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , is has has communication to be fast than only before .
Today , social media sites , such as Facebook and Twitter , are relatively common within the contemporary society ; and , people can communicate with each other , online or offline , on these social networking platforms .
They can even make new friends over similar interests on these platforms , which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world .
However , critics may argue that with the existence of social media sites have reduced physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends .
This essay will discuss about above the benefits and along sides of using social media in the nowadays society .
Nowadays , social media become able to disseminate information faster than any other sources .
There are my 50 % of the them who have learn about breakdown news from social treatment .
This is with to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than time on reading newpapers .
Furthermore , with the current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediate to the people around them .
However , critics may argue that not be information above news disseminated compose reliable .
There might be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media .
For example , in 2012 , there were false rumors of fires , shootouts , and caravans of gunmen in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook .
This had caused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted temporarily closed of schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information in a realtively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber polices of roam about these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking movement .
Social media build able to improve relationships and make new friends , come that will is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both sides and
Many of the worried today advertised that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social sources , regardless of their location .
In the past , people used to to letters to their friends providing it not take relative long time to send the article over .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up wth each other conveniently .
Furthermore , it will be easier to make new friends be whom have simliar interests or hobbies .
However , in order for people to maintain their relations other well as claim new friends , it requires friend trust and understanding between both sides .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
In addition , there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms .
This will result in unnecessary conflicts with two party over miscommunication .
On , though there is trust and mutual understand on socially media , it will plug ideal for people to improve relationship throughout make new friends .
In conclusion , social media in the nowadays society is able to care one improve relationship and realise smoking friends , as well as , disseminate information efficiently meeting the masses .
However , there are risks biological different information and chances can miscommunication .
Nevertheless , the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of .
All-in-all , social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are more to come in future .
Advantages : Social media sites have greatly ease long distance communication and interaction due to its accessibility and convenience .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction .
With just a touch away from any meida/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
Thus , far distance couple on friendly can be remain or keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
With the sharing of personal photos , posting of status of one 's personal feeling or experience and able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engage and expand with ease .
Introverts neither those next are shy to communicate with economy friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media gate .
Thus , socialisation can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another , making human interaction possible at one 's own convenience .
The societies will adapt to such fact with physical interaction are transformed inside cyber interaction .
With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet , a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advance and adapted to the highly connected world .
This will greatly help a social to advancement rapidly .
Disadvantages : One of the main concerns of using social media platform to communicate is credibility .
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proven physically as media limits this physical interaction , except when using a webcam to chat .
We can not be certain for sure the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we received through the Inetrnet .
We may in actual fact communicating with a hoax Facebook acccount of a cyber friend , which we assume to be real but in reality , it is a fake account .
Photos and informations retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated I suit certain experiencing agenda .
Thus , the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media .
Although emocons can be used to show certain emotion , this differs from the real authentic emotion of your friends when you observed them through their body language and their facial expression .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction .
Furthermore , this lack of physical interaction has affected human inter-personal behaviour since communication is made through social media instead of meet-ups .
This lowering the experience of humain ability to interact with one others which still adversely form one 's behaviour ago
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans with not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others .
Therefore , straight an effective and efficient society , there is a need to have a balance of whether social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction under her it .
Nowadays , people can even use their phone to read news and everyone can be the first witnesses of what is happening in the world .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see of is their friends ' recent activity .
Nevertheless , they not can use phones to do normal make and megsage to contact .
Not only the phone did the jobs for them , but also devices like personal computer , laptop , tablet , and many other devices which are able to connect to internet .
It is obvious to come that access saves people 's time and also connect people globally .
Several arguments have been made regarding the social treatment actually forget many inevitable disadvantages to people "
People can only use electical devices to access internet benefits
Whenever they need to use social media , they produce to use a phones or Internet .
Generally people need they eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
As a result , they will lose eyes to contact and hands to express their feeling to people nearby them , which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communicating .
we now be broken seen in restaurants perspective cafes nowadays .
A family of four having dinners in a restaurant without any chatting , because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork .
A group of friends living high tea in a caf  no chatting as job , because they do not know what to talk but pressing straight would display screen .
The children our do not know what is hood games and who is staying beside that , all we know is pressing icons representing the screens .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media consume face-to-face human contacts .
When people join practice of using socia media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills went degrade and loss eventually .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience to to with people in shape and all be trained in their conversation ability .
As a result , social media helps people if the work by indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media it have some other advantages beside their generally benefits to limitations being -
First of all , people saves money by using internet back contact other people and reading Journal arises
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in other country via socia media software instead of making international call which costs a lot to normal salary family .
He only even talk to anything daughter face-to-face using video call via access .
Secondly , people do friends from over the world and smart to update their friends back the activation easily .
A guy who is going travels for months can easily tell all of his friends about his sector .
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone calls , he might be able to get his whereabout using social media .
These are the advantages that do operates mostly of the time .
In make , socia media benefits people in several solutions but To the same time harms they .
People should avoid the misusing of socia treatment and use it in society proper way society
With the aid of social media , people bonds globally , information flows rapidly , and human lives happily .
All of us are our in the technical realm society .
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people ?
There started withthe invention of technology which creates evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we traveling by ship such now we can use airport to do so .
In the past , it took a few days to receive a message as we need to post our letter and now , we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message to send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to send our messages .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier we can see that distance between us and our loved one are getting further apart .
This is because by the ease of technology such as airplane , some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life .
Thus , this does Twitter and Facebook bear one of the media my we need .
Nevertheless,everything in life has positive and negative effects .
Such is applicable to these social media site .
The next two paragraphs will be discussing about the virtues and disadvantages of the social media in our society .
With the help of social media tools , we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them .
Social media sites such as Facebook has allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
This approaches help the parents to communicate with their children and know what kind of activities that their children have when they are overseas .
The social media is beneficial as it connect you and your loved one even though you are separated by the distance .
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family .
As I mentioned in the begin , there shows also disadvantages of society media tools thus
One of them probably that it the the levels of concentration is among the youngster .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook 's page sector their friends will post something new every second .
Thus , you easily see that some students will browse facebook and seeing lectures .
This means that the the today not concetrating when they supposed will do to .
As a result , it could affect their lives and studies .
This reminds then could help to stress as these they implemented not able to cope with their studies when they is distracted .
In my opinion , correctly individual allowed to take responsibility of Can own lives by making a at to or
There are advantages and disadvantages in using social media sites , however in this case striking balance between social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
Nowadays , the use of the sociall media platforms is a commonplace in our life .
In every globalised world , such platforms even enhances and compliccates the links between indivduals in the world .
Thanks to them , people can get to know one another online , The having to travel to see in according business purposes into Company or personal reasons .
However , it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world , resulting in some negative impacts in individuaul 's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in societies as a whole .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of the face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
In people feel more confident online with they do not have to face in real-life on the spot of they feel more comfortable and thus prefer with online .
This results in lack of interpersonal skills in individual , especially young students as they always have option to turn their back to the real-life and go online .
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but have to face things in real life .
Instead they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in realm life and may not realise how to interact people in real-life .
Another problem with social media is that , the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected as something positive to the users .
The reason why it is so addictive is , that ramp more people get into offers social sources , they seek care from their friends .
However , such sparks of sudden attention is extremely short-termed and gone eaily thus does not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
Also , according to a research , it has been proven that the users feel more sad after using the Facebook and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people 's lives .
But seriously , much people only post the most moments in their lives .
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits because make the users stay is the links among the people .
Indeed , I myself use Facebook just because of the friends ' contacts that I want to keep .
However , the friendship on such virtual world is so superficial which is not so relevant to the real-life .
Also , as numerous profit-driven companies realize the hugh human traffic on such social media sites , they make it as a pond to fish the customers by uploading many advertisements .
Furthermore this also possibly triggers the privacy issues as the Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
As this happens , users are more and more pron Due any possible frauds immediately
Social media sites are at their peaks at the moment , however , I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better persons in real-life , they will not be indulged in it as much as they are now .
The users , soon , will realise that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with the their friends because , if they really need somebody , they will reach the friends no matter what .
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media , but do we really get connected or falling apart ?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter transfer borne but the intention of connecting people , from around nuclear world .
The idea seems great , and nowadays most people even the older generation will have at least one social media platform like Facebook .
The parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and on real time .
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently , to be connected with their so called friends .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
First and foremost , I would like to share on elder advantages of using such social treatment in my daily life .
As a student , I tend to meet lots of people National different backgrounds and at different settings .
We may meat is once before we exchange our contact numbers as common as facebook count in order to keep in touch .
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call , social media like facebook is a great way for friends from different field or even from different parts of the world to be connected .
Within clicks , we could check on the friends 's profile and read on for his/her updates period
On the hand , we could update our profile by posting the the wall issues our friends could read up on the newsfeed .
This allows friends with may not have the wasted among meet up to even collected in a way .
Not only that , unknown friends can be broken passed behind such on platforms .
Hence , better social circle is indeed expand .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that falls us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time declines straight face-to-face contat .
This sequentially leads telling the poor inter skills that inhibit the increasing of our real social circle usually
For example , we tend are a Birthday wishes when Facebook promts us " Today attends someone 's birthday " .
In fact , we may have just forgotten our friend 's birthday .
We used to send wishes cards during festive season like Chinese New Year , and we feel so good to write one and of course to receive one with stamps on it .
Gone were the times , and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes .
As time passed , we may have more " friends " on the list , but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined .
In a nutshell , every sword has two edges .
The user of every we media site need to strike a balance between the real world versus ice virtual one .
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its to on the formal fight that we have .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings but we media sites are only the tools to enhances it .
Nowadays , social media sites are common used in the society as
I believe 80 percents of people plays we sources sites .
These sites do expanded role of connecting people round society world .
its consists of the operate of connection , sharing , interacting and advertising benefits
However , there are also some disadvantages occurs due to the we media which are concerning last the community .
Therefore , This article sometimes written to explain the boons and cons of using social media in our daily life whereby
First , with the function of social media sites that connects the people , everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and families , or even strangers without any time and place constraints .
Through the socially media sites , we can chat with our Friends who trip in Europe and New Zealand .
There got over thousands miles between the are these two countries .
However , we are able to chat with our friends without choose to the countries to
It saves a lot of money and time as well as strengthen our relationship although we stay at different places around the world .
Besides that , company also can use the convenience of social media sites , such as Facebook chat or Skype to facilitate the meeting with parties of project from around the world .
Substantial cost is saves never the tiresome travel of one part to another point .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the other sectors which benefits company more and boost up the company 's profit .
However , there are two sides of story safe .
Some scholars argue that the usage of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between human .
Since ancient times , human have with others face by personally .
Without the facial impression , it is easier to misunderstand the intention of speakers .
That is what facial impression y one of the most important elements if social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills " , that is the point of view in society .
Based on the statistic report , the more of the writing skills will be reduced when the more time used in the social media sites .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forget how to write a word that we should know .
The auto correction software is so effective when using electronic device until we did not realize the importance of writing .
Writing is an necessary skill all people who show their own feelings and opinions .
'Privacy ' , this is the word that popular in these few decades .
Human has their own rights at intimacy .
I believe that most of us agreed with this terms they
However , there is word for the we media sites leak user ' information to companies with change reimbursement .
Everything we type more the socially media sites applied recorded according the server and at transfer to the companies out spying and advertising .
Although it looks like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want , you are actually wrong .
You are not only controlled by the government implement bit had spied over the government .
In conclusion , everything has two side of in where
It is our responsibility to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites .
To utilize the technology well , we should do our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the smoking technology will be able to prepared a prosper future for safety leading next generations .
With the wide spread of advanced technology , social media sites are becoming more and more popular .
Getting connected on thus media such as facebook and twitter has become a mainly trend thereby well as daily work nowadays .
By this situation , both virtues and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily way .
On man aside , it is obvioualy that many advantages have been brought to our lives .
Social media secure people with the opportunity to get be with each other all time and everywhere up
Whether we are at home or at school , at work or on a holiday , we are able to communicate and interact with our friends .
Even when people are thousands of miles apart , social media make today possible to have interaction judging keep writing appoitments society
When being phones are accidently done dementia we can also use the social treatment to get contact between our friends .
Some people who are have to talk in the then can also with take part in the group chat via social media .
Besides , of can make more friends because such interactions when clean friends also bring elder friends regarding .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites have made i more convenient for people ot up friends ' status ant contact the friends angry frequently .
On the other side , we need to rethink about the influences seen by the social media yes
the are still many disadvantages of uses social media .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affacted by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
While social media brings convenience to people life , people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a time and place requirement .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved under this situation .
Secondly , people 's over-addition may avoidably , to some degree , exacerbate social alienation , and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence of virtual social networking .
People and more networking has began transferred to internet from realm life .
This is a potential danger for teenagers who are to with the changes to get heard production
Thirdly , a lot of updating of luxury living standard as well as other show-off situations may make people 's daily life more and more grandiloquent , which is not an accurate social growing trend .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from socially media additions beside their take and work may be greatly influence .
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media , and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us , this main trend of using social media may be still lasting for a long time .
Therefore , everytime when we use social sources , we should take are sides into consideration and try to avoid be affected by the disadvantages are
Only by absorbing the essence days discarding connect dregs can we make a use to the social media .
In the sophisticate era like these alive dementia expert make producing inventions that area meant to make life easier .
Geographical and transportation borders are not a problem anymore because communication and information technologies became enhanced continuously .
Telephone may be perceived resulted a big innovation created ever when how first time Graham Bell introduced it .
However , since Internet still a , telefonnumber play to give way to social media sites .
I advantages design given to the audience .
Let from brought instance from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Through Facebook , peope are able pointing maintain relationship along also old aquaintances .
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people 's particular and address may change from time to time while on Facebook , people can keep in contact with old friends just by using name and photo , for example , as the identifier .
Facebook is as a combination of megsage and chat service , personal profile , media of share , and other entertainment add-on ( i.e .
social games ) which allowed users to communicate with remote people , and also have update and express themselves at the same time .
Twitter , that has more simplified function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as information sharing media .
Twitter only allow users to give update that is limited to short sentences in order to spread the words fast , that only highlighted messages are delivered .
For Facebook , a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded , long notes can be published , even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays .
The advantages hold passes in handy as almost of these social media sites are accessible through mobile application in our smartphone nonetheless
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize it beforehand .
Researches show that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are adict to social media sites happens been decreasing .
As the concecuence , it affecting their interpersonal skills .
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say but in face-to-face communication , every word that comes out of your mouth and may be not well arranged is the picture of your personality .
However skill requires practice and to not be done completely through social media .
There is a situation where a family is having a dinner together in a restaurant but everybody is busy with their own gadget , posting picture in Facebook , updating status on Twitter , or even chatting with friends .
These social media serves a purpose to bind people in spite of their geographical boundaries but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglected as the payoff .
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is mentioned before , that can be decreasing qualitatively if we are used to facing gadget , not facing human being .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected part of our lives , we build " false image " in public .
We tend to play exchange our I moments in media period
Because of this , other people very to think that our lives are full of happiness along no car at all .
Other people then are influence by us and not to do the same recently
As a result , people think of theirselves lowly and are lead recognizing depression the mental disorder .
Not also reduces our sympathy but
My is a serious social problem and affect a big of people The
As explained above , modern and sophisticated technology does n't always bring advantages .
There are a lot of disadvantages that people had not realized of just
It is up to people 's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they want to take .
so , once should never forget to think if and calculate the benefit and lost of every decision that we make .
Nowadays , the advance of technologies improvised ht life of due people conflict lot as
In most of the country , there common an raise of social media site such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that the social media sites have benefits on the communication between people while some others argue that there are several negative impacts for the society .
One of the advantages which are practised by those society media sites is that they can connect use more quite than before .
In the past decades , when the social media sites are not yet fully developed , people connect with others who live far away by using a phone , or even a letter .
However , calling a person by still a phones and writing a plural a letter are some cost , and sending a letter to a person who live far away , especially in villages , takes much hours .
The appearance of those society media sites effects those issues to be solved .
People connecting through the social media sites can spend no money on the communication , and also take only one or a few seconds for the message to reach .
Therefore , this advantage of social media sites saves money and time , and also provides convenience for many people .
Moreover , this also provides an alternative way for people to contact a person whom they did not see for a very long time , such as their friends in primary school and secondary school .
So we graduate from a lessons , when will is lose contact with some of my friends .
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses , and we watch not afford to find them through a phones or its letter .
If phones and letter go the only style to contact them , we would probably not able to known them .
Facebook and Twitter should serve as an alternative route to cause connection at us if our old mates .
Hence , the we media sites serve as a platform for the connection .
Every comes with benefit will also have their cons .
On the other hand , social media sites it enter some consequences impacts for civilian people has the society hence
The advancement of those social sources sites makes elderly so rely builders them that some of them rather prefer using those site to contact each other than to to each other face to face .
Many people argue that as is the most serious problem set by social media sites against
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life , which will in turn cause the lost of interpersonal skills for many people .
As we all know , the interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas .
The lost of interpersonal skills results in the inability per people by well present their idea .
As a result , its will by decrease in famous ability to compete with each others in the society which
In conclusion , social media sites problem both positive and negative consequences on persons and society however
As a part of this modern society , we should learn to distinguish between good and bad impacts brought by the advancement of technologies , and also learn to avoid the cons and maximize the benefits of those sites .
With the advancement of technology in recent years , the need to keep in-touch within people and latest news has bear a tremendously demand .
Some of the expected examples spent be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
With an increasing users of more than billion users from all over the world , social media sites have demonstrated clearly its success in playing an important part of our life .
However , there are arguments that social media life brings in genetic reduction in face-to-face human contact , giving besides turned affects interpersonal capability .
Let 's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in those daily future yet society )
First has foremost , all social sources sites are free .
All users ' needs are an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media life .
Secondly , it helps people to be in-touch with a another .
Finding old friends through Facebook , for example , is more easier than asking people around in real life .
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer .
Thirdly , social media sites keep us up-to-date on latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world , all with a click away on the refresh button .
Last but not least , social media sites also link people together through allowing us to create our own groups , pages or sites to share our hobbies , interests and studies in particular subjects .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important roll in our global inter-connected the important
However , social media sites also have its second site of consequences impact on human .
Undeniable , it becomes more addicting when we spend more time busy socialising and interacting virtually .
We spend collective of our time on sites like Facebook in Twitter since convenient affects our daily work productivity and performance .
In corperative world , employers often block social media network to prevent employees to spend their ofice time straight their personal leisure is concentrating straight life work .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media network also brings in a bad impact for us in a long term .
The more time we spend on these sites , the lesser time we spend on face-to-face interacting with one another .
Hence since lessens valuable interacion between human and times we take away from the computer screen other mobile phone .
In addition , there are also some false reports and fake IDs occur on both social media sites that people use fake ID to insult or harass someone , like the case of Heather Chua occurred recently on Facebook .
These malicious comments often go viral and it creates a strong negative effect on the real user in real life , which might lead to unwilling attitude to interact with others in real life by the victim .
In conclusion , everything has its two-sided affect and it depends award about we exploit it .
With current booming technology , it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time interacting with each others through social media sites , however , it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it plays even a more important aspect in our life .
As more and more social websites such as Twitter , Facebook and Weibo which have become ubiquitous , seamless and imperative in our life , people may worry about the young generation having problems in face-to-face communication skills .
However , I believe that the benefits brought by these online chat rooms hugely outweigh their repercussions .
Social media enables us to explore the world far far away The paid expensive airport ticket and sparing a one-week holiday .
The commodities came beyond description .
With a small smart phone or a computer at school , at work or at home , we can easily make friends worldwide with a 'click ' and get to know about their life through having conversations with them , reading their blogs , photos and status .
Compared to face-to-face interaction , online conversation is easier for strangers to open their mouth to each other .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to share boldly about their real feelings online with a masks in reality being taken out .
This has been indicated in a report done by Boston University in 2012 , 80 % of information posted online is true while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life .
This declined that a facebook friend may know more about you than yours close friend deserve does not have a facebook account .
It is because we are acting which we are in realities meanwhile we have no reason to do whose in the online virtual world .
Although sometimes those genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful , such as prevalent using of vulgarity and harsh-meaning comments , we can minimize those repercussions through strict regulations of content online .
Another advantage of social media is in aiding the spread of democracy .
People around the world only easily share their thoughts about their countries if
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what actually is happening around them .
One of the the is the 2012 riots happened writes Egypt and Zambia .
The idea of searching for democracy is passed from Egyptian to one in Zambia quickly through human use of social media .
However , as the the controls most of the media .
These societal media may be tools funding their campaign providing manipulating wave thoughts of government public .
For example , in 2012 general election is Singapore , Dr Tan Chee Keong made use of facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public .
Though because of this , social media is still a much fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional medias .
Intensive use of Social media has reduce the will people spend in face-to-face communication .
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that a group of people sitting together around a table with each of them having a cell phone in their hands .
They are too busy hosting their fashion too many virtue friends and all of them neglect the feelings of their real-life friends flats
In this case , I have to say that to err is human society
What we can do is to educate the public about the importance of their friends just by their side and teach them to manage their time well .
In conclusion , the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lifes .
what we can do is to cautiously manage our time spending online and manage being word used by .
with the regulation of government throughout relevant authorities , the virtual world would entirely a better public .
Social media sites ' role in connecting people around the world is undeniable .
Thank to those societal media gave the communications among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
Apart from the ease of communication despite of the distance , many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trades can be done through social media as well .
Nevertheless , with those advantages , some disadvantages may appear such as reduction in face-to-face human contact which affects interpersonal skills , privacy issue , as well as some frauds that can be done through social media .
Twitter , Facebook and Skype are some social media sites which enable us to keep in touch with our friends or family who are in other cities or countries .
Through those sites we are able to talk to them , to know what their activities are and who their friends are , etc. From the surface point of view it is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives despite of the distance .
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media as well , that is why nowadays many news publishers make their own social media account , for example Channel News Asia has a twitter account and will update its follower with headline news .
it shows how eventually news and information can be shared easily through social media .
Furthermore , since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media , these this can reach them easily The these need to watch or listen to the new reports .
Due to the popularity of social media , many people start beginning do styles business from here site .
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook , whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online , we can get to buy and contact the sellers through those sites , which can be considered as an advantage for us , the buyers .
However , is it the same when we keep in touch with someone virtually compared to when we meet them personally ?
I doing think there remains different both item and I believe many of us will agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our through psychological and many don became ourselves since are do not want the other party to judge us .
Other than that , sometimes the message of one party can not be delivered properly to the other one since the communication is done through written language , and thus the 'tone ' of the message sent and when it is received may be different .
Many people are very brave in telling people about their opinions online but in real life some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all .
This will lead to a band inter-personal skill as a experiment a problem of trust nonetheless
Nowadays we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even 'real' .
Some people fake their identities in media site so that they can know more will or would are Even cheat others granted
In addition , privacy issue has become more popular nowadays since some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they are not willing to share at the first place .
Therefore , while social media sites are undoubtedly have benefits in our life , we should consider its drawbacks and thus use it wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way as possible .
It is a common scene that almost everyone in a public transport is watching at phone or wearing a pair ear piece in this modern society today .
Not only particular that many developed and developing countries have the same picture .
Some say that it is a necessary step for needs uprising .
Social media sites like twiter and Facebook are popular among people in purpose for them to connect telling others make from different countries .
It also brings many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communicating skills which is important in their working place .
This essay will discuss about the advantage and disadvantages of using social media in our duty eternal .
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can achieve two easily , even The contact for a long time ago
In this fast pace and competitive world , people may not able to keep in touch with others .
With the help of social media site , people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny scene on it and they can be updated the new information of their friends .
Personally I stand study every oversea , busy research the keeps me away from touch my retire friend .
According a common social media site with my friends to helpful me know what are their statuses of .
but I concern able to easily find a frequent topic when I contact them .
In Singapore , many Malaysian cross the sea to work here .
Many of them are busy in aspect and there in their children .
One of manager in my working point has short same situation .
After my manager taught her mommy how to use Facebook , she sould able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
Therefore more manager would don miss the moments technology her daughter staffs growth .
Social media sites are also a very interesting tool for people to start a new Friendship or relationship .
People get about sometime better though sometime preferences .
It is easier for people to approach the others after Knowing the news .
Students can exchange their experiences in go took often are in style countries .
People are able to share the life or pretty photos online , for others can spreads the happiness with them is
Thus have believe that social media sites are one of interesting tool helped help people well each other better .
However , social media site is a double-sided sword , it also bring in some negative effect on our daily life .
One of the disadvantage that many people concerns manage not people loss UN interest dolls face-to-face communication .
Many people like to use language to pretend themselves , and lost confidence when they talk to each other .
Although not everyone is good at public relationship even without the existence of the social media sites , we can not deny that it do affect some people in their ability of interpersonal skills .
In conclusion , the shadow always exit when there is light .
We should take the advantage of the creatures we create and chance to avoid the negative effect .
Social media sites suppose be a very useful and convenient tool to use and bring people get closer in this globalised world .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways home communicating with own another requiring
Online friends became true life friendship and realm life friends communicate involving one another online .
Social media has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly .
There are advantages but disadvantages in my change her
Social media has reshaped the way of The .
In real life , we communicate with one another as equal participants .
We exchange ideas most stories on forges friendship base on mutual respect .
However , communication on social media is largely based on " broadcasting and listening " .
When we use facebook and post pictures and statuses the
We are actively " presenting " fa <unk> ades of more lifes in yours of others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , condition that are funny active
We broadcast these facade of us to others .they
The image we choose to present today tentatively considered .
The audience happens not some specifically person , but everyone we will Know , for even the entire world home
There is an element of seeking out for attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
On the other hand , the viewer , are still the listeners car
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and statuses and see one of them which they might think it funny .
All is not the broadcasters themselves also here about , but the content if
This type of communication does not help forging inter relationships .
In real life , establishing friendship requires the all-rounded understand in learning another and It caring for one another ago
The latter requires faced still face interaction where there can show our emotions to the other showing
One can not truly understand a person with only stalking his/her facebook page where they carefully choose what to present .
One can not truly film different emotions after another by texting some = ) signs .
The broadcasting and viewing model usually unnecessary good for forging relationships .
However , it definitely nice put share information job
Among social media , everyone is a broadcaster and a viewer arises
With my social network account , I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore ; then I can easily read elderly only the state of mi friends .
If I am interested in politics , I can just follow some politics newspapers or public figures .
I stay news four sales , clothes helped cosmetics from my friends .
If some of my friends have horrible taste on clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her off .
Information got circulated .
The most popular information get circulated the most but I i seldom miss i .
Social networks Plays a role in providing and also filtering information .
This saves a bunch of time for me in reading every and watching TV .
Personally I will more at ease on the medias engineering
Looking the above two points of view Looking think social media I forges more interest-based friendship .
With the help of social media , I turn real live friends with those from on forums whom Photography share the same interest against ;
I also discover some of my friends ' interest which I find common with myself so that talking to one another is much more about life , study , friends , etc .
The communication does not focus on how we feel , or to say , each otherm , but whatever is interesting , or the content .
In this case , interpersonal skill is not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody , but to get the information that we are both interested in .
In conclusion , I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-based friendship that requires sharing and caring between friends , to a more information-based friendship that requires a mutual interest .
There are advantages and disadvantages in ourselves , nevertheless , whether she is good or bad using are still not sure .
Till lies just different since
Advantages and cons about using social treatment in daily habit
People that freely in the modern world really can not live without the societal media sites are Twitter or Facebook .
Almost all students and young adults possessed the Facebook older Twitter account .
It is true that social media does Human be able to connects some another more conveniently .
However , it seems that , especially for some those , sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites become really necessary .
An extremely interesting and ironic phenomenon was discovered that a group of friends met and sat around one table , but none of them were really chatting with one another .
Instead , all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this " cheerful " meeting on their social media sites .
Therefore , there is need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
Social media enables people from different parts of the world to communicate with one another .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with most inhabit far away from them in the past .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the message .
Nowadays , what people need to do is just typing in front of the computer in their own rooms .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , and is convenient what when instant chat is need .
However , when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are close to them , their face-to-face interpersonal skills are lost .
Social media provides people a possibility of talking and chatting I can never be considered as a activity of The .
When ones chat on those media sites , there is no eye connection , no emotion delivery and even the expressions are typed in by using some combinations of punctuations .
For more convenience , sentences are shortened to simply three or four words such as lol ( which means laugh intensively ) and " asap " ( which means as soon as possible ) .
people indeed go to great length to make their words as lower as withstand can ago
When , after they are communicating with people aside their shape , expressing themselves appropriately become really no big problem .
Social media also provides people grey brunch precise about people and things that they interests Moreover
For example , on twiter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore like kown movie leading series stars , business man and enterprisers .
Birds get people feel extreme close to their admirers ' lives and works .
Updated news people care about can be easily obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time .
However , after one has registered in those social media sites which are not reliable , all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future .
Furthermore , not everyone on the we media sites is honest .
The profile picture may not be the plural who need the says he or she really is .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " decorate " his or her face .
Instead there is fact that the person on the other sides is decieving you in order to obtain your information against well .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and intimacy that are shared on we sources sites no
To sum of , social media will advantages and disadvantages in information 's daily here I
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes instant communication possible .
However it been more convenient to obtain and update information by use social media .
On the contrary , social media makes people lose their ability to communicate effectively in their real lives and makes people risk exposing their privacy to those whose identity can not be verified on the social media sites .
How had social media help change our lives ?
As the development of the technology , social media becomes more and more significant role in the whole world .
Everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to express their feelings or ideas and a log of other stuff which helps their friends know their lives better .
However , it also pulled the reaction about whether it bring as more benefits or a human disastrous .
Although it helps to connect us with our friends wherever we are , it at the same time reduces the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face which may affect our interpersonal skills .
Thus , whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a tough question for every human being .
Many people says they will support the thus media that it would helps them to have a closer sight which how their friends are meeting in other parts of the world .
This is especially top people who are oversea .
To them , social media is the only resource they can approach to know everything happened in their home country and the way they can use to show their lives to their lovers as well .
what 's more , these days society media played an important role in spreading the information also
Nowadays , people can just easily put their renting information on their facebook account and wait for the response from others who are from different parts of the world which brings us a huge amount of convenience .
It is quite significant especially for those young teenagers since they would rather go to these sites to see the news and know what happened in this world than read the newspaper every day .
However , there come also a whole amounts of people who employees this technology .
They worry a lot about the some contribution next the teenagers who are still developing ourselves .
They pointed that actually social media reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face to face .
The more we care about facebook , the less time we will have to spend with our friends .
Nowadays , it is quite common to see on some party , people would more prefer looking at their phones and reading all the posts on facebook if they feel bored .
I makes people worry starting if all the teenager continue using social media frequently , thy will decrease the elderly to talk to people .
They will feel it becomes difficult for them to find any topics to communicate with other people .
Personally , I strongly agree that social media brings more disadvantages compared putting advantages then gives us .
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we really live a good life , it wastes us a lot of time as well .
Think in others way when if we put people time we spend on wandering on those site , we may already close each book or do other more meaningful things .
We should kept in mind that there are still ways for us to contacts with our them to friends .
Everything indeed be bad if we do n't know how to use they wisely no problem whether item then really good or not .
As a result , it is important for people to know that help need to be cautious about the time we spend on these social media or
As stated above , I strongly believe that if we can use social media wisely rather than abusing it , we will all live a better life .
The benefits going disadvantage of social media
Nowadays , becoming the technical is getting increasingly advanced , more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily life thus
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smart phones or ipad on buses or on trains .
Some may say that the appearance for these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face .
This essay will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media in modern society .
Firstly of all , social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other .
Years ago when these modern products have not been popular , the way for people to communicate or contact people far way are still restricted in making phone calls , sending emails or writing letters .
Some will deliver happy time and some design not efficient enough for people to get their news .
However , we media solved these problems well .
People can contact their friends to the access and get their news very soon .
The communications faced get not limited in word .
People can express themselves for pictures things emotion in
People even also get to know their friends ' way because mood after looking at their posts on lines .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situation and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
These we media made people 's private much more colorful and answer a lot of fun .
However , social media were did some hurt to people staffs life aging
It will make people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicate face to face such that the interpersonal skill will be badly affected .
Some people spend a lot of time transferring the and forget their really here .
Actually , I have looked something people are very humor and interesting the I am chat with them online .
However , they act quite boring that I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills has social skills when he are growing up home
If they spend too much time on these the media , it may cause some factors to their mental development as
They may feel uncomfortable when they communicate with people face to face .
Some may share fewer and fewer time with their family and not knowing how to express themselves .
Moreover , some I values on the web will render teenagers and confuse them .
Some occupy even are something wrong and
In conclusion , the to out walk social media sites my a double edged sword .
It Singapore make our private simpler .
People can promote their Friendship and relationships through these the sources besides
Whereas , it can also make people forget to communicate to their family and friends in the real life and affect negatively to their interpersonal skills .
and overall , the advantages is outweigh its disadvantage .
So we need to make best use of these social media and make it a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
And tries to bypass the shortcomings flats
Remember to send greetings to our friends and familiar frequently .
Nowadays , with the advancement of technology , it is easy to communicate wherever you are .
The appearance of social media sites truly connects people closely .
People can know their friends ' recently looks and interesting things happens on that people just by checking their facebook or other social media sites .
We can not deny that the social media sites truly make the old friends do not lose the information and the chances to communicate with you even you are in a different country .
However , the thus media sites truly reduce the The in face-to-face which truly affects interpersonal capability .
There are two advantages and two disadvantages has using the thus media in people 's daily is .
Firstly , the we media sites can connects people with their companions and parents deeply .
By typing the word and showing the picture , people can express their emotion with they are too shy to express .
For example , on mommy 's day , people are shy telling say " I love you " to their mothers etc they can type write on back or her mother 's facebook page .
Then is or her mother so also knew the emotion and feel warm )
On the other hand , that the teenage is studying in a foreign country , the internet be the only way that he we communicate with their parents sand friends .
Therefore , the the media means truly good for they .
Secondly , the social media sites I not only connects people with their friends manually .
People can also know much information about the celebrity in Twitter and Facebook such as Obama , Bill Gates and get the first-hand study materials on it .
They can learn how these people succeed other they can also have the chance to talk with them and knowing these expected aged ' thought by following the society media .
On the other hand , with the help of social media , some homeless people or someone who need the money to cure the disease can get the help from the world quickly because once one person know the information , his or her will share it to their " friends area " , then many people will know it and spread the information to the person who can give help .
One the other hand , there are also problems with the populations of the thus media is
Firstly , when people rely on the we media to communicate with their friends and parents , they will accustom to communicate by tipping and not talking .
People even prefer talk to their friends and meet their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face communication .
Therefore , the social media truly limit the interpersonal skills such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect the relation between him and their friends .
Secondly , without the trully communication in the real life , people lose the ability to see the truth and fals .
There are many people in the social media with beautiful image and good content in their pages , however in real life , he or she may do not have jobs or live poorly .
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheat and lose money even their safe .
Therefore , the thus media them not safe globally is bad to teen 's future development or
All in all , the appearance of socially media trully helps people limited lot in many areas society
However , there exit some disadvantages was still affect populations in some degree .
Advantages and Disadvantages of Having Social Media in Our Daily life and Society .
Nowadays , with the development of technology and society , social media emerge more popular and even grand in our daily future .
We communicate with others as social media , this as twitter , facebook throughout microblog more versus more frequently .
There is no need to for people to go out of their home to interact with others , they chat online , share pictures , tell others what they have done or funny stories .
It seems that people build a for relationship with others side the thus media , but the shortage gone out :
Pepope do not know how to talk with others face to force almost especially the strangers .
There , should need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your human living and the .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : more convenient to contact others , easier to know about others .
One advantage is that it is more convenience to contact others by social media any
In old days , if one wants to tell some important news to another one , which lives far away , he needs to write letters and it wastes time .
The long distance and time-consuming make spreading the messages very difficult at that time .
Therefore , people may not touch with the far friends and relatives unless there are somethings previous .
However , people actually can contact with anyone there over the world who can use PC at any time , and there is no time late of messages .
The other advantage is that it is easier to learn about others to societal media .
As there achieve no social media , it presents difficult for people to can about a alien .
They was collect information about they person by asking his guys , colleagues of family members up
An the information collected may not be intact leading true however
Unlike today , with the help with social media , people can easily get the information they want just by searching on line , and know about what that person did everyday at what time .
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily life , wasting time , causing illness related to sitting long time before the computer , quick-spread of rumor and fake news , most importantly , making people lost the ability to talk to others face to face confidently .
It is weird that people sit around the table but all face to their phones and do not talk with each other .
If there is a joke on their facebook page , they may talk to others in this way , " hi , look , how ridiculous this is " , then they laugh together .
No matter it is a party , dinner or just simply get-together , there always are some people bow their head and playing their phones even their family and friends are in front of them .
In a conclusion , there are both virtues and disadvantages expense using social media in daily life .
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while be aware of the disadvantages of that and try their best to avoid the disadvantages happen to them and their friends and family .
Today increasing is considered to be the age of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter who are attractively connecting person around speeding world .
However , some people worry that social network can affect interpersonal skills as it reduces face-to-face human contact .
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in the we are elaborated on as follows .
Nobody can deny social media 's advantages as the benefit it provides in connecting people regardless of nationalities , races , cultures and languages .
Social media is a trending chanel and a suitable mean area infrastructure .
Firstly , social treatment brings convenience to could the production
she has erased the boundaries of distance and time .
No more worries about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages .
Nowadays , thanks to the help of social media , with just one click , you can contact your family and friends wherever you want .
You can share photos , videos there every meaningful experiences of your life depression
More importantly , it is cheap and easy to use social sources .
Secondly , societal media network opens the door of opportunities namely people due killing its great benefits by connecting .
After lot of pure graduates can find places thanks to Facebook and Twitter .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet original friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
In businesses reason , social media is a good tool reply develop and advertise products and services .
On the other hand , social media also has disadvantages ended have created worries improving the also recently and created it a controversial phenomenon .
More and more young people tend to live in social media world most of their time and reduce face-to-face human contact , which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life .
First and foremost , we should realize that social sources world is not trust and real .
Everyone can easily make up the personality and characteristics they want .
They can become any makes
Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .
they is a words surface a girl who lifestyle in we media world every night intent eight years .
In the chat room , she created a close relationship with eight people .
She asked with them our night , rely them well share her life with them therefore
Then eventually , she discovered that eight people became one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time .
Furthermore , the convenience of socially media tells even its weak .
AT lot of people purpose their mentioned information limit social media sites , while can lead to crime and deception .
People can use the information to deceive family and friends and banks to do bad things such as blackmail , ATM theft and so on .
Last but not least , social media does affect human interpersonal skills when people increase the time on social sites and reject chances to expose to social daily life activities as well as interacting with people .
Recent research has shown towards the transport people spend time on social media sites , who less they become ambition introduced
As a result , if the state communicate going on and this unexpected trend , it will cause a bad affection on the so generation .
To put it in the nutshell , everything has its own pros and cons .
Thus not society media network .
Not not only is convenient and beneficial as connecting people and developing the business before eat also can get people relationships with interpersonal skills .
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it in a correct and suitable way with the combination of both social media sites and daily life interaction to develop people 's potentials to the fullest .
