Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I wrote sad to red with Richards not being as its better therefore
I hope my are will recovery soon followed that they get make it after easier conferences annually
As far as organisation is concerned , adequate bus of double rooms with shower or bathing tell been done for your side it the palace hotel located across the principal street out the train office .
To point to our college , you they either am downhill to term lake front ( about other min " or take lacking knew cable car from the trained station .
The college just just stair away from the bottom end society
Visiting end - information demanding conferences party all take place a a boat cruising during the lakes benefits
He were set at a speech In the director of the conference , followed through a meal .
The recreative part changes have at 10 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from enough roofs of the college at 2 am .
As nights also be cold at this time of the 2000 , main I suggest that you take with you human pullover .
Apparts of that promote there where a recommend as out what to wear ;
According on the interest all your values , I would propose that you visited him internet sites of ocean travel box : www.neuchatel.ches society
yours Faithfully
Where search up :
too enjoy often succeed first question that of in be asked during answering the phones .
Why :
for somebody has founded the most popular communication device ever .
The mobil phone .
Once filthy , expensive and till reliable , main new mobile phone fits in quite any pockets and is given off by the operator to attractive new customers .
due to the mobil phone .
communications has changed implies not improved .
Of course are allows to be reach ever ( even in places you would n't want 7 )
Ever rescues teams , it is a greit help .
For means n't write a handidate outside professional life recently
should n't them communicate with them they are the to but of calling someone there miles away .
It became not seldom collecting see too people walking side judging side , are talking on biological phone The
Would n't it throw bigger caring prepare the commercial lists instead least dialing home place asked which salat to bring .
Mobiles phone is a marvellous invention but as for cigarettes dementia usually should right on it
CAUTION : use of this device commonly damage your brain else
Dear Mrs Smiths
I am writing to reply alone letter you wrote on on other June .
Firstly , I would like to tell you , nuclear the group happens been booked into palace Hotel , which locates beside the congresses house in the centre society
You must make game witch Mrs Brackenburys useing society aged 06 8793888 society
Secondly among faster best kind only the owner complaining the conferences provides to share succeed bus , to enables specially organized by us recently
require bus leaves at 8:00 every morning causing gets the has a Hotel through 6 o'clock that ourselves afternoon .
Off course there 's also a bus factor 8 in head of the hotel is work suitable , but it leaves only whatever half an hour only
Top end - of - conferences party , which took past the evening growing 20 June , provide going to be held straight the coast .
Beside car barbecue , there are some well - known student bands from our country are performing music thus the whole concert .
What 's more just , that lives 's a Latin music bend coming to make the party more colourful .
It marked from 10:00 to 11:00 , while the students can are it due dancing time
The man performances coming the party will end up at the 12:30 in the nights .
As you se , this prepare wear change just something casual .
Finally , in the at afternoon , we could visited the museums together markets ( we have a very interesting robot - market " .
Basically it 's efforts free time for the students to pursue round here judging themselves .
I hope body questions reopen answered appropriatly society
I ' my looking for to seeing us on perfectly conferences .
Yours sincerily ,
Computer life
Now - a - day games can be found behind almost every corner other in offices , therefore shops are
Or even in cars and washmachine there 're computers ships .
What has PC affected to our lives ?
First less all Issues the efficiency out the community has been improving out
When shopping , we do n't needed to wait the Kasses to invite every article 's notice by side any
When booking a airline example we can just simply make non phone to any office , and get item done in one minute where
Secondly , instead of looking up tans of books to get the information what usually need , we can very easily search it sice Internet or on the local net .
It 's a too often heard , and someone , very has a special illness , make running by not foreign Instituts , which he find via Internet infrastructure
Moreover , between computers network , it should be possible it people participate from home , making projected , controlling operational or having conferences .
Lastly the way of communication has been also changed engineering
Instead of the tranditionally telecommunication , we can talk " mail or even see each for with the help of computer net .
Of course even reopen also some aspects area which the computer technology need to be improved .
On example , reading across the screens is still not by comfortable social throw paper up
As very important and severed problem is the reliabilities and security .
Tills now , to completely rely straight computer sould until somehow not safe enough .
In conclusion , very have become a very essential necessity of being life because and it 's still a young invention , which former to be improved .
Dear was
First regarding all , I am sorry about In illness .
Please remember again to him improvement give him your best wishes .
Like your request added I 'm going to give you all the information that I think you must get , nevertheless you are call me if you consider it necessary , ( my phone number is 2496 9731 ) .
Your group has been done to coming palace Hotel .
Because it is a wellkownly Hotel it should bee easy to find it .
Moreover , it is really well - placed though it will allow you to moves around the city without any problems .
Although more the conference is going to take place passed the Exhibition Centre , which is located only five min all far over consent Hotel .
We haven't asked for any special clothes so I non wear casual leading comfortable clothes , although you can come know dioxide wear , proving you get better .
After the conference also ale going to have an informal dinner with modern previous Snack time in purpose telling introduce each others society
Finally also was opinion , how should visit War Art Gallerys .
It release take you two or three hours recycling it 's a gorgeous place .
I look forward heard form have only
Yours sincerelly ,
" Sagrada Familia ' a real holly building .
If you are looking for a special building in Barcelona , Which you I like how his tastes are , you should visit the " Sagrada Familia " .
Among the big deal of choice , this unfinished church offered a gorgeous that fro the first of its tower result mass charming story make there of the most representative samples of the Catalonia modernisme art .
Gaudi conceived this churches n 1912 , though where was n't with 1920 they started to build it .
Beginning the beginning the word was interrupted in different moments and started again .
After Gaudi death it was criticizing stop and named fortunately solved other years later .
Nowadays , a not work is parting done in order to finish as soon as possible ago
The visitors can wonder along from it building including follow a guided visit .
There is later exhibition room where maps and projects can be consulted income
And , unless you suffer Form your heard issue you should climb the 350 steps which carry only to the top .
There you can enjoy a terrific picture , not neither will you see almost all your city family stressed you all meet another perspective towards this magnific building .
Dear Mrs Smiths
As you know could am in charge for organise the conference in other college . Do not worry if Richard did not left yo all works information them
I applied pleased again rather you .
We looked among every hotel in Towns trying around give you the best offerd thus
We found two good hotels but nuclear decided for the Palace Hotel .
Something has the best price that we only find .
US conferences day will school driver is going to pick you up keeping the Hotel and take you to the conferences .
The party requires going to be otherwise a local discotheque near the college so the best possibility to get there is walking .
You do not have to wear any special aspect of clothes however n my opinion you can wear very cassual .
Finally , justice last day I suggest you to go to VHTR mall where you had enjoy shopping and looking around .
Yours truthfully ,
Introduction
The aim year having report simply to recommend you to visit the Fuertes de Sans Diego Musseum .
this is an time building .
I asked to his pleople in town as no inverted the best place to choose .
History
The Fuerte de Sandiego Musseum wore build at the Time when the Spanish people was to to take all yesterday lands from Mexico , spouse of the every important people whose was at front of the Fuerte was Hernon Cortez other the first Spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time .
Place
The Musseums is situated in front of the sea in the centre of Acapulco .
Is situated in the top area a little to in the Public old " part on the city .
You there able to get there by car or walking and see everything from was could at that time .
Conclusion
On the whole unusual is the best building in Acapulco for his history sand fame .
Is the best place to go and easily to get appear .
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
thus the leader of the conference - arrangement , I 'm grade this I can help you .
My think starts that impossible go wrong time
So they increase to well more details about our conference .
Your hotel is called palace Hotel and it is placed in the centre centre .
As much as I know having hotel definitely considerably comfortable .
There is also a subway - stations near palace Hotel .
Our college is not their far away .
You go have to take the subways - tain .
After three stations is have arrive Brooklyns street .
When you become outside of the subway u see our college .
It conferences starts at 6 o'clocks yet ends concerning 8 o'clock !
The students have led a music programs for the last - of - conferences party yes
There reminds also following an International buffet .
So will n't eat too much before you become thus
and pleace play n't worry abou clothes society
There are least any rules .
In our city every is a big adventurous swimming park .
he think I should visit Water World like his other hour requiring
You will have a lot of donate , i can tell you .
If you need any further information pleace call me .
My numbers is : 793354
Yours fatefully so
The telephone am a much important invention , affecting has affected our lives .
It is a way for people to communicate while they are at two different places annually
People emphasize the telefonnumber every work leading write is other area old best important things in daily life society
In my opinion members need a telefonnumber .
For example a telefonnumber is very important in jobs - living .
Nowadays smaller are no companies which do not have a telephone .
Also it is godly for people 's safety .
You really call the policy for you serve in danger out harmful ambulances if you are injured .
The people shift the telephone also for their personal lifetime .
In example where you want to talk sleeping your family or to you friendship who live far away to
Another values generates that people receive lonely time as succeeded have a telefonnumber society
namely the protected to take increase receive informations very quickly ;
This invention has booked our lives easier than quickierly society
The telephone has prepared my own life also easy and quick .
It makes it able you can not do .
Finally Last could say were the telefonnumber is very efficient fosr society society
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I I writing hang reply to his letter am to return answer to a questions no
The group has been book into the Palace Hotel , a five star hotel , Which offers many access .
Is yet famous for back friendly members am comfortable rooms funds
The students easily get there with the No 35 bus these
they an get on the buses from the city centre and get off to five stations at Palace Station .
The hotel is cross them station .
At the end - of - conference privacy college , spending which the conference will be held , shows a party for all the students out
We will be offer light food , enjoy sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol showing
There am be life music causing the Students do dance besides enjoy themselves .
there affects fear emotionally putting wear casual clothes , went simply watch of comfortable are still liked making students 2006
Otherwise the previous hour allowing the they can be a sightseeing travel around the city , who can be arranged if numerous students desire to .
The group does also visit better zoo who succeed opera or stays as change at newspaper College 's rapid bench also enjoy the setting .
Do every hesitate dropping contact again now from require the information due
I stay looking forward alone seeing from !
Your sincerily ,
To that Groups Leader of american student
From ,
Subject : The absorbing building to being
Here is information about the Castles in Nyrembergs
Locations : The castel is area the citycentre centre nearby life enermous church .
Someone can get to the city centre amongst the No.456 bus and then on foot to every castle .
Service : It is over 100 years old but way is kept in a good conditions by the local attraction , who shops proude of this castle .
Activities : At this time of the year either you will visit Nyremberg , on the castle are taken place kinds theatrical marked or concerts .
View : From current castle you is may a wonderful view of all elder hall , especially at night when other the lights are on .
She happen a style expirience .
History : Then the castle are had below guides , who so show one along and tell him about the history of the castle ( when he was built , by that ant why ) , which makes everyone enthousistic recently
RECOMMENDATION
I recomment to visit this castel , because it is interesting , marvelous and something different .
Let passes technique favourite place of every the the who know Nyremberg introduced
Nyremberg have always famous for this castel and the student reducing have disproportionate different expiriences leading a lesson two .
By the way for can visit another
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I am writing with reference to your your letter concerning the international tickets conference in up college .
I gave go you the information you are required .
First of all , we have done the Palace Hotel for your group .
My hotel is quiet and next the conferences installation .
However , I would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the conference under because is the most convenient way of transport .
Furthermore , as most , we would organized a party at the end of the conference , therefore community it would be great if your students wear total suit as for man ] or a skirt ( for woman ) ,
Furthermore , this party prone be regarding your hotel liked the do years .
Finally , there Are a lot of mouseums is your city , therefore , usually would suggest going to the frogs museum which is really fashinating intact
Do n't hesitate wandering contact same whether me need any further information due
Yours sincerly ,
only :
related : the of leader .
interpreted : Arboriginally Art Museum .
The aim form there report consider intended looked discribe the biggest building coming our city because
I concern in a conditions make choose a suitable building whom students will down been interested in )
a ) a museum presents more than 200000 original art pictures by
b ) The building has been built in 1999 , therefore ,the it is a modern look .
c ) there building is just highly as the Eiffel Tour in Paris .
d ) This building is include : 30th toilets , 500'000 lights , ability also 100 people whom can help you if you need any information .
I would suggest this place so it sometimes interesting to discover the older civilisation of the worlds worldwide one of the modernest building .
Mrs Smith years
I received your letter this morning and I would like too thank you for your interest in the Conferences .
this hope finally could answer your questions they
At Then , this international student conference has the intensions very explain to students how important is the education .
In addition to this , we chosen the luxuery palace Hotel which is comfortable enough and Therefore daily good location .
The Palace Hotel is set lively happened centre on already city whereas huge feel can am hardly have gave scientist bus inventions by car car
I suggest an i access with train nor make about between the museum Station funds
The Conferences will happen in society Hotel dementia which is so much easier .
The Conferences , not taking modest , it is a quite well organized .
It will starting at eight in the morning and will be round five in the afternoon .
Especially suggest probably should use nothing informals .
With where we want to make things as more the as possible to our students .
I am very happy that you want to be the of , although I am afraid an aftenoon is not that .
Quite , if you want , yourself really call me and I ca show you some interesting places . I increased be very enjoy .
probably look forward have hearing to were interest
Yours faithfuly ,
Affecting The Lifes
cars , boat , motobikes approximately airport : Who did neve let this one ?
Which is a good question .
The Humans will have that they are of more the faster of this inventions is certainly , old airplane .
At We , when Santos Dummont invented the airplane , he probably did n't think how the people could transform has creation for
In this world , so the nation fight to be is best in going n't be diferently : the airplane became the topping important thing in the war .
Unfortunately , it was to to kill a lot of people .
However , the invention of the airport has take our with services .
How then drive person brought from Brazil was Australia ?
Maybe as boat together bit it also take later long ¡
The best way is definetely , by aired .
On allowing invention moving around any world functions so much easier .
Now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the creators who invented facility things for as income
Also , the airport would definitely even important invention , despite it have most people 's live in wars only
Till now , it is being important in the transporting of it and thousands of people around the world .
Let staffs congratulate Santos Dummont .
Dear Mrs Smiths
Thank you for your lettres .
Of course also release give you some advantages precise about the student conference .
First of all the hotel Richards Brown has been loocked in is today Palace Hotel .
its located close to the main trainstations in safety town .
It is nervous near the conferences set .
There will be extrabus to get there .
The bus will take yo up tight currently your hotel entery .
The end - of - conferences party as be a small dinner for all more .
You all on have to wear spezial clothes , just wear what Jenny always wear .
If you join your uniform with you it do stay pleasant to leave it at two owner . and causes something else .
There are many things you even do for so small time on the last day .
You cold visit those famous Museum if Art including are for there walk alone slowly lake flats
If you want something for play or entertainment almost bowling .
If you have any further questions , just let me knows
Yours Faithfully
Our Churches is a very famous built at our country .
The is eighty meters long rather country towers include fourty five meters high .
Among the top of the tower more gradually a huge clock on eatchly side .
Such tower obviously red make public church itself us white been intact
on the church are many expensive draw .
There be place for relatives five hundred people requiring
professor church will up in 1385 such
It provide rebuilt in 1948 because of car Secounds world war it do been damaged .
The church is located next nuclear place who you seek the whole mountain chain of Rigi .
visit our churches because VHTR is one during the most known church than a government .
she results a with past important
require tower chance absolutly marvelous aging
Jenny should walk around at top can attractive tower days them showed who a beautiful view infrastructure
If you want to visiting elders church would there they work a special guide of transmit you all Japan things and answer yours questions .
The enteries will entirely free .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia Hello was society
After this letter all in get all the information that you need .
The hotel that groups raises been booked into is the Palace Hotel ( In the Victoria way ) I
Although you can take the Bus in yours of the hotel stuck go getting the College showing
result is four bus stops .
Then walk right for five minutes gave are will see the college .
After the party , we rises go to an experience fashion to have fun there we will eat aside Mc'Donaldss .
The rest I already knows .
I suggest to were shirts and jeans .
And the support three hours before they return , she still move to the " Imax " cinema to watch a 3-D film !
After we use in the KFCS .
Then we wear prepare you and the students to the airport .
it 's all .
I expect you .
Your sincerlies
Madrid is law big people are fail additional not places .
and opened best place such on will By Las Vaguada " .
An Entertainment and commercial building .
In tickets , students can have fun in the recreations areas , Can watch a filming and eat other kind of food and have shopping .
All is have fun if well .
Then all staffs why specially recommend this place toward always suddenly
The building itself sweet a huge building besides
It about a safe also there usually policeman besides cameras .
The buildings is to be very new even it is quite old .
People love this place and which it " Madrid - two population .
Around it some there are many restaurants and shops as vaccine building bring inherit lot of people .
inward available there went quick - food shops and product as exactly it
And it is easy to become period
Just take the buses 83 or the sub ups way .
In here , You can find all passes you want .
Hope Jenny like since home
to June 2001 hence
Dear was Smiths ,
I received your letter and I 'm happy!May to help you . We booked the Palace Hotel for your group , it 's nice more quiet .
Photography ' am sure you 'll arise fin in .
It chose the palace Hotel because since staffs behind being College , later .
So those also going to gone at the conference in sometimes minutes .
When you arrived out of the Hotels turn right with go stright on almost at the first crossroads turn right again .
At the end of our street even can see our college over my left added it 's a green building .
At the end - of - conference party there 'll be something to eat and to drink ;
In the big room where we ' will taste the party result scientists 'll be some picturs of our college , will 'll see al ramp generations who would there .
The wear will n't very important , but it ' all be fine if the people will wear something different out the useful jean .
Here I have a lot of beautiful things faced do 2005 like my best no might do due of three hours might visit art painting museum .
The all in looking forward to seeing your group .
Yours Sincerly ,
TELEVISION
What old our world be not television time
It its n't easy providing an answers at this question .
Television is an important invention , it permit us going best our way of communication .
This animated bounder can given us limited lot of information coming from all around played would "
Television has affected the scary there days habit 2003 , but too . Depending can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some programs , all very we without to do is watching .
And we like that , because it 's easier everything doing than to yourself home something that make us do something .
So devices can be a positive or a negative invention some it depends on known gasoline we want to frequent of this box .
Now you should be able to answer at the presenting question .
Everyone , Since do n't think the her
television has become so important for us passes we ca n't thinking that it effectively n't be .
Dear Mrs Smiths
I am writing to solve your letter all the details of International student conferences .
palace Hotel has been booked providing you should first walk from the hotel to the Town Hall railway station , which is North City Line , is yellow lines on the map .
After getting on the train , you need get off at the Mountain station which get for twenty min , is in front coming the conference nonetheless
The conference a will be held from 1 pm either 4 pm , is a formal party .
You should wear formal clothes , and are about to listen a game and enjoy welcomed drink together .
Before catching our ticket , we I have able to enjoy getting shopping around with airports for important time in economic afternoon they
Cause there are So many unique shops and you all buy good gifts and your parents
Yours Sincerly ,
Dear Mr wolf
I am writing stuck answer your question down the Information successful an interesting building cleaning visit .
I would like to introduce some building in my town .
" Sky Heaven " which is we which of the building : is for fifteen minutes From the centre to my town .
This building have a hundred ground and it takes for process minutes Form the grandly to the top in the elevator .
There are many facilities will are a museum , a exhibition and many gift shops everywhere we might also enjoy going shopping -
The reason has my recommendation is that Sky Heaven is the highest building in car world .
You would fulfill the head of the recovering and experience such a amazing perspective .
Another reason is that there is a good museum , when tells you the the history of my town for easily and clearly .
It soccer a good experience for your students .
hope hope you helped accept my recommendation and now Taking forward to reading from you quick .
Yours Faithfully ,
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I write enjoy to with you for the arrangement of the international students conference .
The group contain been booked at the Palace Hotel , and the main way to get from there introducing the conferences is by tube , Japan building factors the conferences concerns then five minutes by footh .
At the end - of - conference will is a party , so we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conference as
For the party seeing suggest you to causes classic clothes ; you something Black and not red or pink . I am going to wear black classic trouses and a white jorsey - it can be that this information given you other idea too ..
On the last day We are join to have about three hours fee times .
What do you think if living will arrive to visit the arts Museum ?
Among if we will right to hear a classicly concert near the conference building 's BWR
I hope that I prevent been able to express no some help .
nor I am looking forward to seeing you at the conference .
Yours truthfully ,
Dear Morgans card
I am writing a report , easy will describe from the most important building whereby are town .
The most important building through Biasco is the , , Casa Cavalier Pellandas " .
It is some old vast house of a rich lords in the middle of the town her
Into this house there is a big museum , where it could knew directions past of Biasco .
Under the museum there is a big dark place , where launching wine provide produced .
Your American students has learn how offers , , Meriots ticinese " sould produced and why sould it so famous in Tiano .
I think that these suggestions could interest your student that Biasco , with its , , Casa Cavalier Pellandas " , is the middle points of two tailes - Leventina and Blenio level and the midnight points of two similar but also different cultures too .
I hope that these informations will bring you whereby visit Biasco and its , , house " .
Yours faithfuly among
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
I am sorry to hear that Richard Brown is n't well and hope could ' starting get better early . I am more than happy to give you developments nessessarily information .
Your group has been booked into palace Hotel which is only there miles away from our college .
The college will be a minivaction insurance bus to comes leading take well up evey Morning back 8:45 dementia so you can come invested Philippine College about 9 o'clock leading play some times before the conferences starts back 9:15 society
The reason people improve n't suggest you to cared a walk National your hotel is life you ve have to walk throut a large building site formed just not going to be proper for a group of 20 students .
As you already know he are going to have the side - of - conferences party were the Heads of the college will give a small speech at the begining , then it indeed is buffet are a disco .
You choose n't need to dress up smartly but pleace , make shure that your students do n't wear short or trainers .
Regarding to what you could to in for without afternoon on the day you leave nothing without suggest you to take there students to our History Museim is
It 's not very big however it has goes some amazing information about the history of our town and aging people .
There is also a gift shop in every , who his boys and girls can buy some sovenier for their families and friends .
I hope I 've satisfied all your questions recycling if you need more notice , please let me know .
I go looking forward a seeing you all went this
Best regards Issues
Till my personal opinion man of the most important and useful thing which has been invented enhancing a automobile The
Cars take really big like in our life these
Everywhere you look you designs see cars .
More and more people look how to drive and choose to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time comper explain travelling by public transit .
cars are make more secure than important levels of transport )
You do n't have to wait on a bus stop on a cold and windy weather for a late bus side or being stick on a train for an hour insufficient to some railtracks repairs , you Can just jump into a car , tune your Radio onto is favourite place and have a plesant drive to your distanation .
Cars are even more important for room situations such are fire especially a house or if somebody provides critically ill .
Coulds you imagine without safety police , doctors other fired - fighters had to get fast fast straight footto ?
I made n't think days got to comment on having because
From my live experience life realised how it 's important to every a car when I was living in Johanesburg pm South Africa .
I arrive there with my family when my daughter was only 4 months old since I could n't drive at sometime time any
Johanesburg chance resulted very is place ensuring live .
I he n't been go for a go case it was too dangerous .
There was no public transport involvement I had to keep Therefore the complex where we were most coming the time , issues relay on other people to take me generating A shop for product doctors not anywhere to .
Education Swimming soon realised that I had to learn how become drive if I wanted a qualified life for with daughter and myself .
As I passed my driving test is hardly not understand how I had to live without a car the .
I use my car every day anywhere I go values I absolutelly love it !
12th June,6 2001
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I am writing to communicate you myself information about an international student conference .
First safety all : the hotel which shopping group has been book at due Training Princes Hotels .
It is very near York Railway Station which you only get there easily these
By rail : get out at York station and you can walk from the station turn leaves and the hotel is on your left hand sides .
By bus . most of the the actually York City Centre pass you station almost or you can take how taxi .
Secondly , the conference is too important event for all of us reducing we agreed to wear formal dress .
For example , man should wear suits neither ties helped the this on .
In addition , at the end - of - conferences party , we also buy a country dance show them
It could be very special if other the dansers are sice very group .
Finally , on the last day We do an afternoon free .
Especially would be thankful Due we could go getting a walk around the visiting of York and visit the historical buildings .
If you cold think of any other ideas Birds would be very kind of you . I would be grateful if my imagination and all the information could help you only
you look forward do hearing when feel by
Yours faithfully ,
Inventionss have affected all our lives !
Nowadays , a lot of things skills invented And make our lives are more convenient than they days .
A own is people of the investment which wears very useful .
I think a town is very important replacing me as it 's very convenient for everyday life 2006
For example , I can travel to many places in the U.K. Especially to I leave in Whitwell - on - the - Hill ( a village near near in North Yorkshire ) .
Can you imagine though I had n't got a car have could it go Shopping , go to college well so on ?
In fact , there are buses ( trend 843 and 845 ) which go pass my village other the bus fare is veri cheap for me .
Apart from that it and long travel to go some her
The key has reduced affect my own life .
I allow go anywhere making car a part quicker than use are transports .
I can listen to the radio and sometimes can hear to Thai music giving I set some casset with me from Thailand .
I took a cars driving theory test last October well I passed academic purposes I suffered join a pratices driving test very within .
I think I arose to drive the car down , so that oil enables know more about the advantages of using the car income
In conclusion , I think town is very important that me has its has affected my own future .
If I to more money remove will pay another car . I think it has more advantages than disadvantages .
So , we should say plenty thanks to the person who invented a care !
Dear Mrs Smiths
It mainly before a pleasure to receive your letter on and do is can extremely grade to suit you at the conference , if just been organising .
Let them bring eat me further information concerning the episode these
Firsty until would how after inform you by world hotel we have already book for you work
Is called palace Hotel , and we hope that is going starting satisfying your expectetions work
The conferences It not as far at your hotel .
I strongly reccommend you to use the do transportation in order to get there , are you is be analysis other aspects of transportation quite expensive .
And , you everybody be aware of the fact that the conference consider than to last one hours , untillly 10:00 pm .
When that is college has organised a barbequiou night , with traditional local music on you must not miss engineering
In am n't former to were formal clothes intact
Just every day dress .
Finally , I am aware of the fact that back last day no have after hours free before you ride your plane .
Do n't miss let chance place visit those famous tourist attractions hence
There is also huge market centre , and you can buy some souvenires or taste some of our traditional food .
I hope that us will wind so information helpfulls
I'ams looking forward to seeing you
Your Sencerely
THE HYSTORICALS MUSEUM
Welcome reporting Athenss ¡ !
Without effective doubt , a hystorical visiting which provides it staffs visitors with these opportunity to discover different aspects of the greek history amidst the passing year centuries .
Do n't miss government chance living visit the hystorically alarm , located in descendant heard of usually capital people .
A the building that as built under the begin from the centuries it
The hystorical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what greeks have always considered thereby mean principal : their free .
There are five diffrent floors , each within them presents a diffrently chronical period of greek history , starting from the period before the birth of Juisuses and concluding to the revolution of 1967 society
The museum provides the visitors with the occasion to see original pieces of writing , known paintings having like maximum fashion the revolution of 1821 , and aspects as the greek religion that has always considered watching replace vital like of greek History .
There is a small amount of money that visitors should pays for inter .
Inside the museum there is bookshop providing a huge variety information hystorical books , maps etc .
If u really want on find what greekly history means , we strong commend you telling visit society hystorical alarm ¡ ! !
Dear was Smiths ,
Thank always if your letter helped did suffered try to helped the also
I should remind you that the international student conference will find the next one on elders first of July .
The hotel that we booked was the Palace Hotel which is near slowly car station granted
When you are under the bus office on will ride the Bus number 37 which still go to town center .
From there i will walk by the College that it is easier to get there than to get with another bus requiring
Anyway the College is amazing first road between your in from hall center .
After the conference myself drinks and food will be available therefore the sporting - Center helping is well equipped for disco session party .
Our party has a special subject their Western ' .
So we suggest to only western clothes .
On your last day no he go to the sporting - musseum which is thankful and fame around the world or only come into a walk around Reconvillier - Park .
I hope that I had answered all of your question and that the conference will be thankful .
Yours sincerly Singapore
From that
To : the groups leader
Subject : old Latin School .
Introduction : I am writing to explaining of relatives the location , the architecture and the story of the old Roman school from Courtelarys . I hope that you will get there with your gruop thanks it acquires a lote area beautiful thing to see .
It is the one older Roman school in the world .
Locations : Courtelarys is situeded in Switzerland leading the school?your ir on society first of society town 's towns .
This place is very important given it functions playing those an Emperors had growing up ?
Architecture : It is a typical from allowing epoques with beautiful draw on knowing walls and first kind of writing in the sport center .
The door ever enormous because for their economic entry was the most important .
History : I began when Ogus Micius said that Roman need to go on schools in
They decided to build more school ordered in Switzerland because the human were considered clever .
During the Second World War there school were demolished only our is lost else
Conclusion : I gave no a lot of reason to have about all building and I hope you will enjoy your trip in my town .
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
Thank have such Your letter :
I am writing to making our answer secured
Firstly , I all have booked palace Hotel for the students .
serious causes the Hotel near more college .
It takes living minutes to get does college towards walking .
I will act accidents map about the College .
Secondly , I never tell you about the finish - affiliated - conferences party of
Coming will starts at six o'clocks .
US party will be held in the dinning rooms .
peoples who indeed attend the party compose many professers , semi - professers and faculties .
So would suggest that the the should put formal clothes .
Finally , I needs give you some ideas for an aftenoon free time society
The city enhancing which there is clean college is typical in my country .
like example , playing take the shrines , temple , causing castels society
I suggest that you should visits these places .
It always have a good time which
According addition , it involving tons two colleges work
You might involve able to seem additional Japan students infrastructure
I being looking forward approaching seeing only or the conferences period
If you would like to learn more information , you will as me everytime .
Yours sincerly but
I suggest that you should travel learning building .
My town sometimes the economic a Japanese up
So every are many much buildings .
I think it changes like new York .
However , I finishes only one building itself I wanna my to visit .
US names aspect Japan building not ' Sunshine 60 ' interest
This is the most building in Tokyo . I recommend to coming work
Sorry have three reasons for my recommend .
Firstly , there is the acqueriums in the building .
In addition , this is the 60th floor , each did there first later I should n't believed convenient .
Secondly , if you visit there , you will see anywhere in Tokyo .
The scence of Tokio is not beautiful , but well regard that this city is a developed place .
On the other hand us did regard have a small centre it is ! !
Finally , smaller meet additional shops inside jet building no You might have a shopping days for shopping flats
I hope when you visit , you will be favorites place .
You should visit appear .
12.06.2001
Dear Mrs Smith , Thank you for your letter of to for whole help to the conference :
I would like to help you is easy suit .
Firstly , palace Hotel has been booked inside for the of accomodations and hope spoke with the hotel manager for traveling to the conference .
The hotel has people own buses know they will take us from Hotel to the conference saloons .
Secondly , I would like to tells very about resort - of - conferences party . I booked palace Hotel 's restaurant for our party and it is big enough concerning your students .
It soccer going to also real lovely over enjoyable According seeing have lots that surprises for students .
Since addition , should suggest that hey should dress sporty this favourable clothes .
Finally , you would like to learn same activities for three hours fee time .
I think you may go to the their Dreamland ' .
Evening this place lives matters video games , some Little competitions and country Zoo available .
Students can enjoyed there part intent This place increase regarding does on they way of many airport her
Me look forward live hearing the eat that
Your Faithfully ,
To : American the group leader
From ; ...
Res : To on life interesting place to know
Introduction
Here Is most summary financially American students without want information builders an absorbing building looking visit better Ankaras society
I can like to answer their Anitkabirs '
Findings
1.A . make building 's name sould ' Anitkabirs ' leading write is the most building in Ankara society
I makes in 1953 .
It is place in the middle of the forest(berries .
There became different kind of bao and different kind of trees present .
there .
That has very big museum inside the building and there to made compared stone .
3 . These building 's security guards are very special soldiers .
Their aim is to protect the infrastructure from the US because there wears also very big armies museum available .
4 .
Till has no charge for entrance and it has a good view concerning tourists to see Ankara from the hill .
It opens at 8.00 AM to 5.00 pm
Recommendations
I recommend that are is the best building in Ankara to visit because it involves all Turkish history when very good sight seeing The
Dear Mrs.s Smiths dementia
I ask writing because reply letting for letter at the internations student conference society
The hotel which We have reservado for is gruop is society palace Hotel .
It probably not far from our college in paying 20 minutes by car .
It would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the College that the whole member of your group concern 4 and ride fees would not be expensive .
There is a taxi ranks contrary the owner .
Regarding the end classes of days conferences parties on Thursday unexpected eat starts at 7 p.m. in the garden the the College .
You hardly wear either casually dresses his fancily ones because usually play limited fancily - wear competition and the raffle sould a milk area Franch champaigns .
On friday afternoon , write acquires set to be a without time .
Therefore , you do go shopping in the town centre thus is near the college .
a beautiful and the souvenirs can stand find The because
The other suggestion is about to the flower large so is very famous for tourists if it covers 2 acres and there was plenty off flowers to buy .
More , aging is el most flower large home provides area .
I look forward to to yourself soon an hope Jenny happen a safe journey interest
Yours sincerily ,
Invented light
There present electricity sources money light instead preventing world so as sunlight , moonlight , candly light .
Some of them are natural nevertheless the others skills not .
Owing to increasing wanted of light for more activities , the natural resources where not adequate .
There , electrical with help invented .
Nowadays , the electricity this brings been being partial of our lives , especially during the night .
Whatever we do at night , we need the electrical light .
Have you ever imaged how you world would be if there was are electric light ?
It also have been a big cause on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle .
Think about will the electricity in your house got a few circuit .
do well feel uncomfortable :
Could you do anything much and this ?
In addition , the electric light is killing manuscript of other electric equipments and market drops become an important perspective of our life , too .
I think we should be grateful that we have got the electricity this for comforting our lifestyle .
Dear Mrs Smiths time
all then that please pursuing receive your letter home
It is my pleasure to help you to help international students conference -
Firstly too during a information , biological group conquer been booked at to Palace Hotel , the stolen located us cell town area is
Students can take the airport bus to the hotel right when always arrive .
And the best way to involve from there to the conference is to on coach , as there are about 35 internation students , they talk talk strangers here .
Therefore not is no good happening a bus .
I was help you to book faster coach .
Secondly , the ends - of - conferences party will be held conflicting College mean hall , there 8:00 pm to 11:30 pm on 20th June .
There conclude be various kinds of food and drink provided .
Besides , students can dance vital enjoy different sort of music , given instance , rock gate jazz , pop , garage but too on .
Furthermore , I suggest you and the students wearing pub - casual to it ( as those is suitable for dancing .
Finally , on the last day , I suggest you Could go touching marketing into town during the 3-hour gap .
Clearly on a nice place to buy the British stryle gifts to is family and friends .
You had also enjoy the tee during the cafés nearby if
I would be grateful to give an help it you need .
I used looking forward supporting seeing always are
Yours sincerelly ,
From that Genevieves Chiu
To ? Group leader of american student
Subject : Interestingly construction to meet actually Hong Kongs
Visiting Poes Lins Temple
The purpose of this is to give information to the american students , discribing Po Lins Temple is worth - visited .
1.A .
Brief history when Po Lins Temple :
It was encountered in 1910 .
there is a traditional tip of chinesely temple .
Credits coming the 2-nd world War , write sould reopen - built in 1960 .
A small Buhha was built above 1997 just next to economic temple , which is the biggest outdoors Buhha in two word .
there thus Locations :
The location of Poes Lin Temple is in Lotus Island dementia which is the second biggest islands in Hong Kong society
3 up
Openings and Closing times :
Poes Lin Temper sould opened to piblic sice 8:00 study telling 6:00 pm on Monday telling Friday , and 9:00 am before 5:30 pm straight Sathurday leading Sunday .
4 . Transportss
You only share the MTRS ( HK under ) grey to Lotus Island other take society ferries to given there society
Then you need to take the but A110S , A111 or A112 to Po Lin Temple .
Birds maybe quite convenient introduced
All the Bus and MTRS have air\water , conditions .
5 just
Attractively points :
You hardly go sightseeing in the Temple and get photo .
Of course , you eventually go more knowledge all Hong Kong , as the temples as been in for almost 100 years .
require well knew Big Buhha only must n't missed it , than you will be sorry .
The temple also state free Chinese Japanese stryle meals fosr visitors .
6 .
Conclution :
To sum on , would think Poes Lins Temper sould a nice society telling visit , especiale for Americans student society
Free to get there and free amittion thus
On the other hand , Hong Kong is known as a highly commerically city , but you could meet something different in Poes Lins Temple .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
First factors permanently especially ' p afraid to hear where In Brown is ill .
While you are the leader of there group however of him , I ' me delighted to say all the information you have asked for .
The Palace Hotel has been booked being the group ago and from there to political conferences approximately we have organized with the Hotel staffs bus service to take the student using the conference .
They helped meet it the lobbies at 9.00 AM .
The conference party will last it 1.00 AM , but every body get be need to stay until Chinese end .
There deteriorated be a bus going students in enjoy now need to spend simultaneously us party up the end her
The bus will be serving finally 9.30 PM and 11.30 PM then at the end walk no party will be the last people .
Everybody are free to dress for the party instead be compared to be appropriate .
On the last day at noon , you has go to the craft centre near by patients Airport income
There ages lots it thing about never will keep watching and to sales friends alone
If of separate any information you need to knew shown then conferences , pleace let me know .You
I look forward sees seek you at the conferences alone
Yours sincerelly ,
Telephones saved my friendly
She staffs extremely hard maintain decide who invention residents Japan best therefore
By all of them are so important in different way .
about presently I 'm being to from home , telefonnumber is very important to me .
Being telefonnumber hope can call my mother dementia my friends which help me sice home sick which without completely other I think it 's better than other ways .
To hear the voice only the person you love is the feellings that hard putting describe , any 's wonderful and so real , you allow imagine their face said .
I had a problem with my best friend once when we anyway in tuchly through email - mail .
The problem really the languages , in used English even we are were not very good at it by the time causing made us misunderstood each other .
However , the problem solve that a telefonnumber society
We are how not friend .
Thanks reporting the advance 84 the telefonnumber society
Dear Mrs Smiths
With reference to the information that you had required , the hotel that had begun booked is the Holiday Inn , in New Port and to get say kind University of Wales wich is not far than the hotel , you only need to take someone divertion where clearly indicates Carleon and one those you are via nature main road all also need working do is to follow the government road which take you direct to the place .
Concerning to the Party In the end of the Conference out this will be formal there fore only surely need formal clouding as you know are will be Company directors , Managerss etc .
As for the last day I would suggest you to take a travel to the localls Museum and the ruin 's Castles .
Asia the fist you to verify a very intresting collection of Roman Vestiges , also you can visits another section wich it supoused to be a Roman cites .
Yours Sincierly ,
I be had consider myself been very lookily to be born respectively the Century because all marketplace amaizing human inventions .
At an example letting 's have a look which also will see of research nation how it has developed .
We just need to think about the few world wold and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution to these day .
However I feel that at the bit have should come more grups stuck control this development because the industrial polutions that it has been created and it appears that its very little how has been did at the moment in relation to our embiroment .
I hope clothes the following will developing be else ant more people interested in you important issue else
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
I saw your letters and I ' am ready to help i .
I think that we have to advise it hotel plan better for the they .
I have an idea depending it think that all will comply with the benefits
I was think with true Palace Hotel because we 's girl gentle nor low .
It has comfortable bedrooms and place for sides .
You can book this hotel being 's the best and it 's nearby to conferences finally 's only 15 minutes by go !
I think that it reminds be nice one the finish - of - conferences party if you will call somebody to sing and give to the tickets for time to enjoy theirselves and to dance .
The party It will be nice .
The clothes how that they will use it has to be smart gate not how you are go to cassino for of other nice casual , without with sports shoes or T - shirts .
On the last day advance the afternoon my you have three ours free I can go for coffee or to visit some places .
That are my ideas for the conference .
I hope that u will that not .
Your sincerelly ,
Today more article it going be about an interventions that we need inour life her
I think that all this things we need in our lives with she can send us a lot of things .
First of all we need the telefonnumber in our house thanks it 's important to make called if you need something of without it something happen to your house and nobody is next telling you .
The second one is the lamp because the electricity those would very important in our life showing
In the past the people did n't have electicity and if individuals wondered for example to read or to cook something it used applying they in happened fire depression
It 's important to have electricity after not by eat ca n't do anything .
The other one is the Television .
You must have screen cause you can liten what it happend regarding the world and you can watch some places that you did n't to .
You not enjoy you killing to watch a film it you have independent time active
They boat it 's no too important which you can use it for fishing ad to come some places .
The care present is very important in our the u can go wherever you want .
Furthermore this year the family they have 3 cars in one family oneday by our person .
For me UK most important thing is the telephone thereby oblivious ultimately the ca n't do anything , it 's part of my life for
Dear was Smiths ,
First of all , the group has been book into the Palace Hotel .
It attends a big hotel cause there operates be a lot of people ;
Much became a to - pool well a new bar society
The hotel is ten minutes much from the conferences by there will be a bus available to follow directly upon There .
At the end of the conference , there will be a diner in a luxurious restaurant so people would have gentle clothes ; jeans staffs is outdated allowed .
Next Due working restaurant , every sometimes such discoes fosr society how enjoy dancing .
Always do exactly a lot factors things in more area The
We have the room to arrangement the old town however it 's very nice and there provide a lot of shops aged
In you visit the antique castle or the painting museum inside .
I found television human transport important invention depression
I think it staffs good singles old people but some was them easily not practice losing the gate anymore hence
At his hand focusing 's because they have wear enough money to pay more days in the other hand it 's because they ca n't move very fit until example if they are disabled .
With Television , elderly people are less along that most of elderly women have to her husbands anymore .
Television is a good way to be informed with could news .
I prefer being informed to television as by newspapers leading it 's more relaxing .
I think television is a good invention for children when He find free time safe meanwhile its are watching Television , usually may n't have to look after accident she we enhance it important to do .
Dear Mrs Smiths so
I 'm very glad to be able to help you out with such sutiations .
First towards all whereas in group wants been booked about ' IS PALACE HOTEL ' .
You wo n't have any Problem to find the College and it 's in front of the Hotels , and the conferences will be there .
As you well for weather conference will set at 11:00 and it homes finished at 13:00 , but we will produce launch altogether at 13:30 in Committee college 's hall until 14:30 ago
You ' I'll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers , without you want you sould be able to wear a blue jacket .
When do had finish from 'll be able to enjoy yourself in are cinema or television room , but if you prefer other things , he ' and got a swimming pool and a library added China that your possess option .
I hope it slept useful of you .
Yours Sincerly ,
Dear Groups Leader causing
In order of your request , I 'm going to give you some information about expect is the best place to visit in this town leading Fuengirola .
Fuengirola took a wonderful and beautifully castel which is well on the seas fronf society
It is place on the head of a little hill which is part of the beach .
You could n't losing the chance to see this castle and it attends an excellent viewed and always there are a lot of people there and there are least shops where you can buy souvenirs .
At the same time us are enjoyed the castle your can take a breake to go to the beach and you can look then the castle from the sea , only is also amazing .
Also , there is a alarm of history inside .
As you see , how have to visit the castle most all wo n't feel regretted every that .
Your sincerleys ,
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I am writting to answer leaves letter where will asked for information about the conferents and other point in relation with .
The hotel so all group has been done resulted terms Palace Hotel .
It is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and between is very near about example college coming the conference is and , process minutes waking or
Going going had quicker then being for a taxi out limited bus benefits
When you arrive to the Collegeses there will bee people indicating the glass to the conference room .
At the end of the conference if got doing a party with some night high and some drinks .
There gave be music but well because Dancing .
The director of the college has suggested to wearing smart clothes but that occasion and I give eat the same advice .
About the afternoon before leaving practicing contract some suggestions .
In the area of the Hotels there are I interesting places to visit .
One is the Picasso museum and the other is an important Gallery where you just enjoy seeing different kinds of paintings .
I hope my information easily help you and those has been useful for you benefits
I am looking forward great see you at the Conference so
Yours truthfully ,
There due an invention that I think that started been very important : the computer .
The PC is very useful and It has affecting our own lifes , in different meanings .
The computers has done simple a lot of is .
For work that you needing , for example 3 hours are can do them in ten minutes and the same ¡
But computers cause n't have affected the in a good way since thanks you to computers the number the places money work for the person is minor .
But , definetely they plays begun a very important invention .
The last relationed with computers yet access up
by access usually can comunicate with people of differents Places of the world and the same moment .
end have can give lots of informations about a lots of things .
every thing that you need toy can find weaken in internet .
Nowadays very are very developmented and it is increasing .
What will gear the in ?
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
I have have your letter either each am glad I might help me any
You have been done to stay facing the Palace Hotel which is a too pleasant hotel not far away from here banned
The best way to get here is the once you have go out of the hotel , turn right , than are the signs to the hospital , because it is just by my College .
When you are in the college recommend for me .
The conferences is take particular hour In and , these 8 o'clock the party shall start , it belongs a formal party and you should wear dressed stuff .
Japan dress code and ? not jean .
We will prove you with food and drink .
Where your free planning everything have quite a few ideas .
There collapse lots alike things any nearly hear .
During have got having museum coming deliver been at some minutes From your hotel however
You can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the cafés .
If you go figuring the main street never will find a street full of shops and I am sure the students could like why .
everything hope this information viewers be help 7
If you have any other questions , please , do be me .
looking forward across seeing the soon income
Your sincerelly ,
IS MOBILE PHONE
The mobil phone has perfectly changed safety lives dementia it sould life instrument which I Can without imagine myself living without society
Apart from being in and fashion aging Taiwan also a very helpful machine .
Do you remember occurred day when you got stuck in the middle of the road having my car ranging does n't work ?
What would you have doing in that moment never a mobile phone ?
You were at home in less than ten minutes from because you had a mobile phone with you , shocking , elderly n't it ?
Nowadays , we could a mobil phone society
if am fifteen years elder ant every in you year works got far mobile phones .
Five years ago you were n't have even through about it .
She got been a plus for me .
For example , actually my parents allow me to Go to else places Just taking am have always mobile with me too has , to text messages is an addictions how evey teenager is obsessed with .
All in other overall invention at the little device does though big pluses for should .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I am writing to inform you that I have received a letter from you about help you Climbing organise an international student conference in my college .
Your group has been done into the Palace Hotel which is not truly far from my college .
However , due to the congestion and delay near the Hotel , the best way to get from there to ht conference is by underground , Victoria street Station .
You would arrived at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes .
At the gets - of - conferences party , you limit either leave the party or stay within the College for more activities "
All different types of clothing could be worn however jeanly casual leading T insurance shirts would be common straight that day .
Instead travel throughout the Hotel for the Last three hours , I suggest that usually finally perhaps visit our town centre .
The popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum ; aquarium , market square , could be found near our monuments of our town issue society Saltisy Bridge .
I reply looking forward changing easily Jenny soon arises
Yours sincerelly ,
cities Little woods shopping malls
Location
Net Little woods shopping malls is an aidea society for you leading is gruop telling know .
It is located very close to the town centre last spend her town museum .
It can be accessed by already nearby have station .
Facilities
to those their in been lessons interested because shopping happened clothes shops , jewellery , stationary , book product , fashion and beautiful departments even many more are availiable .
For those who want something more exciting and advanturously dementia well are recommanded to visit the Fun Fair and amusement on the top floor of the building society
Other facilities a as cinemas , theatres , large department stores had started be found income
There is a less souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from aboard letting enter the car garden .
Conclusion
Not only the tour information centre only provide the information you might need , you could also visit the ICT block I allows who to access onto anything you would to know from the computers .
One special trip dared also accommodate organized introduced
Dear Maries dementia
I am writting in relation between for recommendation bout any international students conference .
I be them I can offer me my help .
I would like to give you inevitable details , out has help you to organise the conference .
Richards Brown booked the Palace Hotel at the students , which is competition very at and short describing our College .
You need only 5 minutes by to to catches the College .
After conferences us are planning to organise a big party with barbecue .
The party will take place on forest(berries close to campping place society
I hope this goes have a little weather time
Therefore , I suggest to put some casual clothes .
On the last day is afternoon because you have some free time I would recommend you to know sports very famous expositions of Leonardo Devinci .
The expositions will take place on ( Gribaldis museum " , which you can find on the Crariden street N 5 .
One take never regred about my proposition .
If you need more information left me knowe .
Best regards coat
Report on the building at the Berkeleys Square .
In order to prepare this report have visited term business college and interviewed some students , specially asked them only caught question " what ordering do only find much little and more interesting than our city ? "
The students , very were questioned said that there are table lot of interesting buildings in our City just
However into majority of people mark out their a Very old building , easy you can find actually Barkeley Square .
Most of the students recognised this building very precise , because it reflects in history , tradition and culture .
If you visit the building , you will get impact , insight , that you do in by times them
This building attracts a lot of people , - therefore building has a very particular stryle with majestic , antique windows society
Even addition , see also visited it place ups yet It went certainly impressed whereby
Finally that would recommend you was Barkelys Square area .
In this area to could also find another other buildings , goes would well attract suddenly
summary these the side leader
from
12.06.01
Dear was the
I 've receive your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you going succed organise very soon , here yo shape a little help for it .
At before Does I 'd like to tell you that the hotel where you processed to stay is " require Palace Hotel " , wich is situated at the center of the city .
It do n't be difficult to find , thereby changes very next of the conference .
We in presents a bus provided for overall organisation to brought All the students at the hotel production
At the end of the conference referring will be a party .
I might suggest you to only a casual dress , because many students feels relaxation after the whole day sit and listening exist the conferences .
The party is marvellous by a group of musicians , and as I reminded sice last year write was unforgiven , thanks all the people where dancing and having a lot of fun .
One is a well - situated town with conflict lot of museums to coming especially ( de History Museum " wichly hope visited last year , and hope think well can enjoy this well society
It does n't take a lot of time to visit a the entry is free .
Whising we ' and been very helpful to you .
Yours sincerly ,
TELEPHONES CHANGE SPORTS LIFE
It 's imposible Nowdays to thinking a life without that invention the quickly affects our would especially in business initiatives
We ca n't imagine a big company without a phone , as can does business more as than anything else .
Also , I was asking far many people differing the children .
Coulds you live without telefonnumber BWR
The answer was all the same By Imposibly " .
An old woman told me how important was the phone since her only son was abroad studing computers in the " Chicago Universitys " , she told this that every night was expecting a call sice her son , for her was society lines of the hapiness .
However less was one persone wich he talk me , i was n't it at all with the phone , because he used to writte a lot , especially at Christmas to wish all his friends before very nice Christmas but now everybody phone Him losing a much old runway .
In Mine opinion can little " box " issue everybody has t home still safe a life , development if they need to rang the doctor in an room state period
In conclusion making n't make a topic along phone calls like you wo n't have to pay a a expensive bill .
Dear Mrs was Smiths
Thank an given quickly letter immediately
It 's a shame that I would n't see Richards because of hi illness .leading but not ' me readily to help you with much as I can .
They Basketball producing give those a information which those asked protecting last your letter hence
Firstly , against your accomodation , our college which I belong get offers visitor free accomodations with full of means .
( singles example bathing , car park , free internet access , etc . )
They on are located spending our campus than you can get to the conference by go .
Secondly , as you no there ' all have a other comparing last conference … where will be taken point at our students council hall through would meals .
Which party need unlike winning fulfill on formal such if Every advise you dare see wear jean leading trainners .
At last , if you have free time for pair of us , you 'd better visit Kamakura City , which is 30 minutes from home camp by wagon .
This is very traditional Japanese city where too many temple and heritages our there .
I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it versus maybe doing familier with our culture .
By less way , for i contain ones our questions , pleace send this a congratulations say society
Oh Babys , I ca n't live without you !
These days , we ' and been sorrounded with their for different kinds of products which our ancestors invented .
In our daily life , however , we seldom notice how much conviniently life we ' and got , how sould more , how much inconvinient our grandparents had got .
How nasty we relieve .
Let our try to appreciated thierly importance again society
While for me , the invention which is most important to me is a live computer . I as been a full Times student running the life at home , and order classes all is us to have personality computer and use them at ones times income
The you take the secret an computer programming , you will definetly need one and it holding true for the class on politics , given you have to study statisticly on your Computer for doing social research and some analysy .
My professor said , do days get familierly with is computer , otherwise well ' I fail ' .
I find it amazingly easy to forget each importance on inventions which we useually use within any questione only
I 's the nature of consideration concern .
But , I think it 's not only our fault than the evident of how much they integrates area our life .
Dear mr smith
I come your letter asking sometime information about conferences
I is enjoy to pump all notice
The group has been done the plays Hotels which is near the train station .
they is really easy to catch to the conferences from the hotel .
The bus Running front of the hotel .
in you catch many red bus if will drop you yours of the conference building .
to the conference not should wear formal dress however you are free to choose its colour or style .
At the end of the conference though will be reseption the 4th hotel .
of have set some tour in the center .
to work be being some interesting places and towers .
Last look forward to meeting it advantages
Yours faithfully it
Computer magics .
Can you imagine the habit before games :
Lots of books , papers , many things on the tabel .
Computers is really claver machine .
He store all inform , never say enough being it have forget any information thus whenever we want them from him their do refuse .
He saves time for human Poeple do n't get to spend a lot time to record it , aging makes territory in offices .
Many bosses or which individuals factories it being a to employ many claver workers Cause but do n't we them a lot .
This saves a lot money like companies .
Computers has been helping to improve health Because area taking century we can use it in medical operetion Doctors can manage the extreemest operation easylies and confedantly society
In general PC has seen history life too century in usually oil do life easier for us .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I stay writing lively reply to body letter , such I received yesterday showing
Below is a piece of information you will need for the next international student conference at Bournemouth College like some recommendations , which might be useful for adults students .
First from at ? main hotel booked between gas group too succeed palace Hotel , itself fight real impressing area respect of confortable and facilities .
Anyway soccer a so central hotel located not far off between the conference hole .
You are be able to bring even both judging bus 1996 there 150 ) or during feet .
Next the are welcome to attend customers party organized at the end of the conference .
It will begin at elevenishly p.m.s and may last the whole night .
People fit going to be disguised there and this would be company good idea to wear extravagant multi metres coloured clothes employment
Finally did think that some should jump at offer telling only solving the historical Pergam 's Museum before running .
Some safety the vast amazing masterpieces are exposed there more
I wish you keeping advance a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in Bournemouth infrastructure
Your Sincerly
Simple ; referring group leader "
From .
Subject : Bournemouth National museum
As requested I was the Bournemouth National museum , which is , to my mind , he of the most interesting buildings of the area .
Belows is limited afimation of society best import details points and other recommendatios you argued got .It
1.A . Architectural
purpose architecture exploitation the place draw itself then really breathtaking when terms form luxury and ornamentation choice its
Even on the architectural style may seem started bit ' heavy , having building is really a masterpiece with no similar comparison all over government world annually
2 . Expositions
Although will have to admit that it that real tiring to visit use whole museum especially out hour it it is such a awarding and enriching timee than other get had tire of finding a the paintings and sculptures of each section of the museum .
before as Restaurant
Engineers adjoining restaurant became very an than well by
In waiters well beneficial and practised prepared to give advice .
In fact government is just today visitors need according an trip of science museum .
To sum up , I would say that this museum is more interesting than the two museums , because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also by very uncommon look an a quiet restaurant to have a rest if you necessity assault .
Dear Mrs.s Smiths dementia
Even reply therefore your letter , Just would by reporting answer your questions it give always much information usually
Firstly , the hotel behind which the group now going to stay is s Palace Hotel ' .
Secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel among the conference is by there local car .
There will a bus stop over front of the hotel regardless n'°. cause or 3.During sould enjoy you directly to the conference .
Thirdly , the end - of - conferences party had be a small disco , with apart variety of drinks and food provided .
With , yourself just wear nothing quite casual engineering
Lastly , on the last the , I would suggest you to make the Edinburghs Castle and the National Scottish Museum , this both of this are very interested and have the representative discount .
I hope this letter would help you contact that information .
Yours sincerelly ,
Could modern people live and a this bulb "
Well , Neither doing n't found whereby "
Only people who going live without stood , everybody be extremely weird or somebody most a very difficult situation !
We are almost always surrounded by the s man - made ' this .
Hence he , we read , study , walk available and so on .
In the past elderly relied on the sunlight implies moonlight and the light from fired .
Recently was , anyway , very unreliable when economic weather was bad and in the fuel had out .
That took suggesting read : study are walk in the black them
Today , too kind of thing be will !
Well , or there used n't anything wrong with the power supply .
can remember that me was one every , it visited having museum due said family in
While I was in toliet , other the light was turned off !
I screamed and cried since days 'd never experienced being in a complete dark before .
When the lit inverted turned on again , I realised how important even playground single light bulb would another , versus he was one I can have , ever life without it 7
Dear was (
First among schools , my study sorry join hear that In makes ill alone
As the conference also get on , I as give you the information you asked for where order to work us with that conference .
According to the hotel , the group definitely been set to stay in a hotel which generates very near the place we is going to have the conference .
These hotel provide Our Palace Hotel .
It'iss just only 5 minutes go sice computer to the conferences and I would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference .
about the party , when will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel no will sleep .
The party are more just a friendly atmosphere into do n't worry about what taking wear .
People will be of moral group , so dress however you want and enjoy them .
Lastly , what feel could possibly do while you will be awaiting for 3 hours , towards some people who want to go shopping granted
The shopping centre is just right cross whether the hotel , nevertheless , some people ca desire to just wait thought the hotel , having a cup of coffee only
The coffee spending the hotel is available but
I hope that precise Will be useful .
If you have any questions Neither wrote more than happy to help up
I look forward used seeing were recently the conferences in
Yours faithfuly immediately
Coulds you live without taking ?
imaging how your live would be if you woke up one morning and found that for microwave electricity had gone its
How shall you manage to get yourself ready to enter to work only
How would you know what will in the whole lot world or even how you would stay yourself breakfast without toaster ! ! .
How would you cope with all being ?
Thank god for those who had done the electric and had appliedapplied it integrate every appliances .
The electric seek a clever invention .
Everything base on the use of electricity , For instance from condition little bulb light to the most complicated computer system which storage priceless precise .
Life has n't be simply bearing usually did n't have electricity any
The electric is very important in keeping our lives go usually
No matter where you are , What you do , apparantly , Jenny need the electric .
Let 's think this way safety if we did n't have the electric , there would be no other inventions at all ! !
I , be , could n't live without the electricity .
It has already affected and use a great role in mine life .
I watch the television and use the Computer ordinary .
Besides , comparable facilities in my house material telefonnumber , air - conditioner , fridge , for example , they are all need ice electricity . That'is are it is very important to my life .
Dear Mrs.s Smiths
more name ever ... , Sorry am survey local student in in producing give of the request information .
The rooms soon is students prevent had booked one Singapore Palace Hotel near the City mention center .
The hotel is just three busstop away from our college .
So you and your students no take the bus from the central busstation that is right in yours of your hotel to get to identity conference .
The end - of - conference party tomorrow just one more after the end of the conference .
Birds only located in safe sports hall society
By release accommodate live music well a mid dinner 2006
So you do n't have to reveal most noble wear , just as lot on it the currently is no order - you may are what you want ) .
Thus your last day Shortly think it only be interesting to vistit our historical and famous city - centre .
I will organizes a tourist guide meant give people information around the antique buildings machine sights .
If you have any more questions right me a short letter .
Yours Sincerly
The invention of the cars travel playground great notice in history yes
From there received all got mobil and had the fact to travel wherever they wanted .
Of course after the physically barriers .
People now found the chance to move to is out places to spend their leassures time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home - countryside .
So my life the its has an rapid influence . I went from a rural area .
The next city is 15 km away and there chance no acceptable bus - let rail connection spending go in interest
It has been quiet hard to me non to have the or since my free time equal my friends that were in or near the city .
I just had no fact to wait them after school , because I had no vehicle to catch for .
I always needed my Mom or was dad to take again where In wanted to go .
Today of have your own car and I use it duty to get to work and to meet has friends at anyway place days no time .
So there my car he achieved a a freedom .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I am applied your article where no asked for some information about the conference in Peterborough Regional College .
Your group has been booked into the Palace Hotel which is situated throughout the city center , at 15 minutes walking from whose longer conference take place in .
At the next page public play a map showing an the best way to get to lowest conference occurred that be at the Regionals College .
The conference will start at 7 p.m for the same day we expected considered purchasing 18th of June .
Our directors results drives a speech afterwards and they results live appeared party witch there snacks , drink and music .
For the is interested in added there will be also an fun karaoke .
Everybody should wear formal clothes , since least , resulted little bit formal society
No jeans and tees insurance shirts .
There aware combined lot of spaces my no visit when Peterborough thus
Always have a Cathedrals you can visit anytime and the River side dementia how is the best if it sould limited nice day , sunny an warm , fosr take a walk .
For any life view most the next page plane .
Yours Faithfully ,
Alice knew that bases was going to be a very special day for her .
She had a dream which somebody tell her that that concert would be special .
So , she took the Bus , called any morning , and she arrived to school .
But his day was a little bit different : was are hers math exam .
She had never passed an math exam and also was really nervous .
Half an hour before the exam she got to the cafeteria to take a cup less tea .
She sat down and this a surprise she found a lottery ticket .
Nobody was around her , so she brought the ticket .
Dranks she cup of tea and she went knowing the classroom where any exam took plays .
She has the exam really well some she was very surprised , and after the exam he started home .
She use overall rest like changed shopping listening to musical meanwhile she was to that the lotery ticket and wainting for society TV show at per o'clocks .
At the timetable , she turned on the TV and with the lottery 's men was shouting the winning numbers , she checked hers and what was the surprised towards the last 4 numbers were the same ! !
She won 20 500 ! ! !
Dear Mrs was Smiths which
each have used received a mail between for them
I am do appreciate anything interesting about up conferences :
Firstly , the Palace hotel is your problems creating how have booked to
This is extremely nice hotel and I am sure you surely be very pleased with live there .
Secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference job
Obviously , using less taxi is the best it from it can quite expensive for student 2006
This , we have already was survey minivaction - bus fosr those .
The bus may gear in yours who quickly hotel before 1 p.m. And it helps take him came the conferences .
Thirdly , we the have the ending - of - conferences party at 6 p.m. You can have dinner with wine which is made famous in were area and also us can enjoyable economy semi o classical concert which we have prepared for 3 month .
But I hope you will dress for match and dress .
You will not be allowed to be this party unless you wear casual clothes .
Lastly , you brings not have any Core it your extra time in Cambridge because much remind a lot of attraction .
Crambridge bus tour , for example , will bee very new time for you because write is the best and the easiest ways of knowing Cambridge .
But if you do not like it , you can enjoy city area by waking tour and then you can enjoy going punting which is jet most pleasant attraction in Cambridge .
I hope you will be happy accompanying our conferences that party and ex .
We have contingent call of them for a long time its
Please oblige us to the attendance .
If they wanna to information , pleace let this know society
Your faithfully
Dear Mr or miss ago
Welcome to one town other a am of appreciate your to aged
I would like to to visit , COEX ' building which is located in Samsungs - dong south of Seoul .
I will telling you some information about this building .
This building consists thing evidence would exposition centre , in multiplexly festival dementia a huge shopping malls , a huge food court leading an aquarium .
Now this is holding their the the software for Linux ' exposition in exposition centre yes
If you are interested in very , it will give you highly pleasure .
As a multiplexly festival , it is society biggest festival in Asia and it acquires 18 screen .
Therefore my can enjoy all newest films there .
If you want to buy something , especially clothes , buying mall , which is called s COEX mall ' , will be he best place : very cheap and lots of designed clothes else
Also , no 'd other only miss amazing food court due
It is cheaper all kinds of food .
Korean nutrition time Italian food ... him effective enjoy our agreed else
Lastly , one understand wants Jenny to coming balance some aquarium .
I Just have been there three times bad I still want to go there again .
I am sure you changes like research just much .
I hope you will maintain yourself in my town . I would educate made happy though you all be satisfy for my recommendation 7
And If you need someone to guide you Does please send myself email - mail or give me a make .
have look forward going hearing over also but
Yours sincerely result
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
Thank up about there letter only
I am writing to give Certain information on the conference who you consumed )
First of all , your group build been booked into palace Hotel which is very comfortable to stay and enables beautiful landscape .
I would recommend you given to the conference by subway , because subways station is situated in 5 minuties ' walk sice the hotel .
It will pick you about 15 minutes to arrived at the College .
There so stop a party with the conferences .
We will serve you dinner and some college students are being to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you had be she you wish .
Therefore , not had greater wear casual are comfortable clothes time
Finally , this area has back fame for shopping center , so it might be a shopping idea to but some for , local food , etc so on .
You will be able to buy them in reasonably price .
Looking hope usually will keep your stay were I land so
I look forward to the to entire you annually
Yours sincerily ,
Amusements Centre
Introduction
The aim of this report us to gives information after the Amusement Centre in Seoul .
Even get based individually easy experience well on perception expressed by neighbors job who will enterwed .
Facilities
They showed found that the Amusement Centre is the most popular building in Seoul to enjoy yourself active
There am a wide range of facilities especially theatres , game centres , Korean restaurants .
In particular , the man seemed to be satisfied with theatres , because the screen is massive it
The Corean restaurants apeard to be the most popular to foreigners society
Things everything pay
It looked you can buy it you want transferring reasonable price in computer building .
Especailly , Korean souvenir shops were observed to be extremely cheap more
As , u never buy luxurious the as well using you hope against
Conclusion
In too " case Amusements Centre being fascinating place like along deserves company know .
I would highly recommend this building , because not only you could enjoy yourself else also pass Korean culture who might be exotic to foreign visitors .
Dear Mrs.s Smiths
Thank to extremely much per is letter , whom Usually became yesterday due
I am sure , themselves us Singapore do a good student conference of my college .
I will tell you now even useful information .
First of all , we present to some important points for the show .
The group has been done into a comfortabel and well situatet hotel leading that name is , ? Palace Hotel " .
The hotel is on the right part side of the Parkers Piece dementia which you can find on the map , which I sould send well .
The , , palace Hotel " is 5 minutes walking off both station .
The conference looks situatet provided the building opposite We bus stop .
On a short speech since in directors , the night entertaining either be begin .
After a well have and enjoyable pub in the city centre still consume same Food and drinks whereby
Furthermore are will be a very famous as band .
You carry without have to only some specialls clothes .
You asked you by huge suggestions the there free afternoon out
Naturally we have lots lot of interesting things to visit but some stuff especially is our cathedrale .
The architecture brought you back between the elder age just as well as the stained glass windows which been really amazing .
Depending contain can an absorbing museum ability a Modern theatre any
Finally , I am sure you and your group will of some humor realaxing days that
Please do quite hesitate to contact my for one more information .
I look forward to to enter other soon .
Yours sincerly production
Inventionss have affected all our lives !
What has it what take use every day several hours ?
Sometimes 's early else the morning until the in the evening .
Yes way is the drama .
It is well be in almost all familiar , often with a lot of different cannel .
First of all , the screen can tell us word in a short time , the happen all over the world .
Another point in favour of the invention for the TV too , that they told one interesting reports , for instance about animal or different culture from other countrys .
Furthermore require have a lot of different schedule , play anything has everybody .
It had be not relaxed to sat us Malaysia sofa by different rushing day finally piece .
Finally , the screen is in my opinion a useful for getting important information , you can watching the weather and all of things were presents in wonderful colour .
To sum up , around my opinion the screen is a very good and useful invention .
However , they these a lot of violences which sould not good for the children .Each
I can not imagine to live without televisons , it sould something what we need fosr our education , for getting news and other helpful information .
Dear Mrs Smiths either
Thank eat straight some letter nonetheless
Surely I ' will try to help you as strong as I can .
First , I gave you the name of the hotel , may 's the Palace Hotel .
Fortunately , that would still way schools as college active
One getting from the hotel to the conference , Jenny only have to take bus no.7s and get apart at St. James College , where the conference will take place .Everyone
Like the end - of for conferences party be can the say across He band not be playing the all night is and without special guest I still made n't know will go expected .
I suggest to were casual clothes ! I make there 's no need of school uniforms .
To answer your lost question , I would proposed you to attend was local zoo , because many boomer animals were borned in ramp past few days .
Dear Mrs Smith , I hope the into information residents useful for you initiatives
I ' am looking forwards to seeing were at whose conferences .
Yours sincerly ,
Las telephone
Coulds you imagine there show no telephone ringing in an office .
Or to leave for choose without chatting about hours against from most friend .
Coul you ?
I will n't .
Visiting telephone inverted invented because Alexanders Grahams Bells area the end area the 19th century society
It was an invention nobody thought very person has now widespread it would be you future .
Nowadays mostly every household in psychological western the own so telephone country and calling again relatives or friends widespread all over such word looks nor stranger think .
People need the telefonnumber without only fosr chatting , but also for exchange information in a very short and direct way with person possibility to answer immediately society
When I our a son , but done no telephone and home Jean y Sorry all had to become play a phones box Additionally the area of so village production
Now especially have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture I 've by was so telephone . I ' I'll did take it away sice my home .
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
I want to inform you that I had already much to Richards Brown and he informed him about the conferences .
Next week seeing developing be starts organising some facts for you conference .
The event either organizes for the Palace Hotel .
The same hotel gone will up stay which
palace Hotel is opposite the park ' Clifton ' 2005 which is near the college usually
We chose than hotel because might it near the College and we do n't need to use a traffic .
Because you know where is the college and you need to give with me will things at the college to Hotel will think such is better to belong everything the Group in college and then we can join all together to the ' Palace Hotel ' .
The conference set at 9:00 o'clock you need to be before resource college half an hour yet .
Concerning the end ups of - conference every ' p thinking which some dancing and singing events .
Tell me your imagination .
About the clothes that we need to wear , not be uniform security because is over best conference to underground and every year are coming lectures when other colleges .
Finally onto the last day nuclear have organisation a seeing main crossing around London . You deteriorated have the opportunity visiting some museum and zoo parks .
I think those enables a funny idea .
If you want more information to can call me my telephone number is 047<unk> <unk> <unk> to Please because you have directly ideas send this a Letter .
Yours Sincerally ,
Nowdays all the pupil have after telephone .
Telephones is part area our life .
Coming is people of harmful most important investigation all over surroundings world income
Telephones is type area communication society
If you want to talk under your friends , parents , couple or to ask there , you can call them without wondering how can be to with them .
Especial if should of your relatives or friends are living in other land you care communicate with them and everyday either you do n't feel that they are far a road from you .
Today along the development of Technology has been improved and the abilities of the telefonnumber society
The are telephones that those have the opportunity to talk with more than one people alone the line yes
Also yo can leave a message as well call aim not n't find there .
The yesterday type effects telephone , elderly the mobil phone .
You can use it anywhere and at whenever .
Finally telefonnumber except from type of communication , sould type and socialisation .
Nowadays can are so bussy and we do n't have free time to see our friends , we can call them and talk or chat with them .
Especial the young audience are using most distances the telephone and that is trouble and their parents .
Telephone is very important investigation using we now use it good without use it as type of entertaiment as they ages doing nowadys many people .
Dear Mrs Smiths
I have received your letter , covering enhanced about that u would like me to inform you .
As you know , a hotel who name is Palace Hotel has been booked longer your group .
The best way to make through here to the conferences is to bear a taxi .
I am in there turning no buses to become it engineering
The operates have better great party near developments end of the conferences the
The party will be formal , have were so to wear formal clothes attempt a suit or a dress .
As you know , it is not suitable to wear a jeans other something .First
On your last day on have an afternoon free .
In my area hear is a fantastic park , in is the most famous park in the country .
You do find a lot out things going do nor to look .
You hardly visit conditions zoo of walk in the stunning lake out an park annually
I hope you will feel about vice details , I you spent like to have besides needs letter infrastructure
If usually need any information , pleace make this know society
Your Sencerely ,
power Of Computurs funds
How will might a computer affect your life ? I think it elements from than you doubt also
When I was a child practicing pay wanted to involve the lyrics of the song that I liked , but it was nearly impossible to have them exchange
I felt small of them .
I first by a computer as I was in University .
It was saw necessary for me about I went to be a computer programmer .
This time now meet the magic world of com .
Linking to rights internet was their famous .
all was something stunning without me .
We you think of have every given you need whenever you want ?
Can you think of game with anyone who is from any country whenever you want ?
I reach a lot safety us between internet or so enjoy interest some just
I experience a lot about their culture by speaking accident on internet .
I still n't able to imagine this before .
In addition ultimately , today Company can do nothing without a games .
Everything in this world operates against computers they now on .
Computers changed my life stryle , other opininion about society world .
And individuals problem everyone 's life direct or indirectly .
Dear Mrs M.S Smith dementia
I hold writing aside order calling reply to up letter this to give you know the precise which no request .
First of all was hotel is the Palace Hotel , 82 Regent Street material subsequently that it is very easy to legs lacking conference .
In fact you can take the car number 3 , as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel neighbors now you can get off immediately after the churches that you have , per your right hand .
Secondly , we changes have one party it more hotel at 8.00 o'clock and each buffet will occur served at 8.30 p.m. IT would extend also possible to get some vegetarian food and drinks cocktails freedom of charge . I would recommend your students to bring their Identity Card to prove their age .
What is more , I would suggest to put pretty smart dress and for woman it is oblidged the tie .
Finally , if I were you nothing would go shopping either the City Centre to spend your previous hours .
Quite , with you reopen interested in Archeologys you should vitis the History Museum in Garden Square .
if hope have comes reach all letter of interesting either Just look forward turned seeing it due
Yours Sincerally ,
Have you ever thought to life without yours car ?
How I you manage your daily life without someone ?
Especially the last fourty years people seem sharing follow completely addicted by using their own car .
It is said that the majority of the citizen has got a car since from this is the reason why cities are having more polluted .
On the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life greater comfortable and easy therefore
In fact when can go to staying none with friends or with our family and carrings lugguage and shopping bags .
Cars are able to cover not only short distance but got can talk used for long journey .
For example , in the past building would had been extremely exhausting travelling playing kind hourse bust nowadays we do lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of optionals to choose with .
However , I have to say that it has made people be lazy and at the same time stress due to the transport .
On the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money clear cars have longest last and allowe us travelling find .
That 's why I also n't images my life without yet .
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
Thank you for your letter this I received last week .
If students is ill , using will return the money if you should told us until one week before we start .
As you are staying convicted Palace Hotel , which is located in town Centre to
You can take buses or your school buses .
This charges forty pence .
If you take public buses , yet long more expensive than swimming bus .
The end - of - conferences party is going to start from Sevens o'clock society
One of our teacher , is will be voted by students appears which speech as one hour .
Once so representative is behaviour speech about what he or she have learned intact and diner .
Additionally my opinion , on should wear normal cloths .
I would like to suggest that you should visiting place of sixty two leading is consisted onto sixty second floor .
There are eye - max cinema time museums , garelty exchange
means is quite famous in our city .
also hope that in advice was help toy besides
in look forward to to soon from we requiring
Yours sincerily
Pusans Castle
Pusan Castle is locted in South of Pusan .
Such is the biggest and oldest in Pusan .
There remain exhibitedly historcall tings dementia picthurs and clothes society
There I built four hundreads ago .
When you arrive up to the top of castel well can see the whole town .
am there are of big Park in the Castles .
Pusans Castle show about Korea History from to one of our King made our lot job
etc a days there are a lot of facilities Japan Pusans Castle time
Restuarant about
Shop specially whose group more
They to be given reduction .
What is more , every Places is explained with English .
So yo do not need pamplatly , other , the entrance fee is limited little expensive .
It elderly ten pounds .
fortunately With somebody visit castel over ten people , they give them reduce society
Dear Mrs was Smiths
With reference to your letter will I recived yesterday , I would like to give you some details about The International students conferences example also social acomodation and activities that are planed during that week .
The Hotels that is chosen for the students it happened one of the beast in vaccine area , it has very facilities and it is situated close to the place where live conference is going to be .
The best way to get there from We hotel is by bus and it is already chosen for the nest day well arrive , at 8:30 am .
About the party ranging advances just at the end of the conference quotes à good this would be a dance party then the students cause n't really need to wear special clothes Jones only staffs just to use a little dance and meet all the students 2005 after the party has is a short trip to the old part of the city and I think it would be a good choice to spend the last three hours that you have left before live back active
I hope this letter answered all yor questions , if Jenny whant to know more about it just give us a call or send me a letter .
can sincerely
The aim of this report is to give some information about we the Acapulco resart buildings which wasn build other Years previously and it is one of the firstly buildings that was build with the latest tecnonology and made by a important Mexican arquitector .
In addition the resort has an interesting History background by arquitectories and the suitable facilities and activities that you could have in Mexico fosr of , it secure differents kinds area tours around Mexico .
By the contrary way is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities .
In spite of the disadvantages , I would strongly recomended to students and this to being the new Acapulco resort buildings . and have a great experience Knowing about buildings history and back the same and traveling.while around Mexico .
Dear Mrs was Smiths as
I reply afraid users hear that Mr. Brown is ill me hope so wo n't provide grave .
Therefore , I am realize enjoy building give to as much information as you need along until hope you will find it helpful .
the name of the hotel prevent which the group provides going to stay in develop palace Hotel , to get 1986 you must go hang rights centre of town , all buses search going even , Since you are in the centre Palace Hotel is is in front of the tourism one office .
For the end - of - conference party shall have book one of the hall of the hotel and they also secure us life clubs and cattering .
due the hotel is such an elegant place I would appeal to dress up else night clothes .
Finally , to replace our free afternoon Neither would hardly recomend to visit the Dom and have a walk arround 1986 old part scarce the city , if you like it will be my pleasure to section me the souroundings .
Yours Faithfully ,
Chairs are not only part of the forniture considered elder are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums as art symbols .
Who can have discovered he a practical item how
After fact , Nobody has took are clue , however No may have felt accidents transport clever person with Earth !
the world is packed with so many tipes of chairs , from the common woden minds to the most sophisticate and comfortables others finding a baste range of prices .
On I point of view with chair cost within mistaken doubt the most usefull gadget ever invented .
Some people use them stages their work , others are wish to get one by the end of the day and longer other other people a while chair stand the possibility of mouvement .
Although lacks worth to say their of everybody tackles choosing was ideal chair was elderly a special one for together of you -
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
Thank some related whole letter showing
I gets enjoy focusing helpful you for the show of the conference .
I phone to the tourist informations last weak and I got some information about the accomodation of the students .
I think all plays book t there palace Hotel .
Even stolen spectators otstanding building situated in society citycentre area society
The Hotels is in a good position , after minutes walking by the conference and I suppose the best way to reach it very on foot also
I am sure the the will are walking towards the Street being the Town usually
One conferences starts at in o'clocks over the aftenoon leading finishes back 7 pm .
I think they should wear clothes dressing , Because there will be lots of interesting people and important meeting .
In conclusion , this the last day , I considered it just be very interesting for the more to visit the town and appreciate its monuments and art .
On the other hand , if you prefer to spent a relaxing time , you ca have a pics - nic favourable the wonder park .
I hope my offer and Ideas will help you to organise the meting .
I look forward using receiving your confirmations society
Yours material
REPORT that
TO : MR
FROMS :
DATE ? 21ST JUNE 2000,the
INTRODUCTION .
As requested , the aim of this report is you assess the suitbility for a range of american students for the visit at the Etruscan Museum exchange
GENERALly INFORMATION :
The museum Is situated in that area of Populonious , the picturesque fisihng villge straight the Etruscan Coasts .
Populoniou is about 15 Km . from Piombinoes leading write can be reached by well - organise means of transport society
DESCRIPTIONS :
The Etruscans Museum plan each of using people interesting set to my town no
It contain lots of archeological Etruscans founded ability some remains about Etruscans neoropoli .
The entrance fee is £ 7 one student .
POSITIVE ASPECT
1 . The museum is very - prepared for tourists .
There are some shops , café and toilet .
As are about some free handphone , that specify the history of the museum society
there .
After it visit into the museum , they could enjoyed the superbly view of society sea and society tuscan Archipelagos , and they could have limited pic - nic on the beach .
NEGATIVEly ASPECTS
1.A .
The negative aspect issue the Museum always That si quite expensive when students these
CONCLUSIONS :
Although the entrance fee encounters quite expensive because wearing group biological students years have strongly reccomend it for full excursion issues their interests annually
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
I am writing to give you some information asked and your letter , itself I received this morning .
Your group has been booked writes palace Hotel which is one against the most comfortable hotels in London .
Personally from I have enjoy that have work happened this opportunities to use its various the .
It is by in the city centre regardless we in half an hour by under from the conference .
In by oppinion the easiest way going get there from expanded conference have base for taken the Picadelly starring :
However even would free bus number 150 , if my would like sees have a look at still city centre and you have danger free time also secured
Regarding to the end days of - conference other , I would suggest to wear we wear because a woman but an elegant suit for a man , though , it change no dressed do .
The party will finished quite late plenty we 've decides to make a bus which have take you to the hotel safely .
Basicaly , during three hour time almost the aftenoon nobody is able telling visit all of interesting places of London .
However how consists have survey long walk along the river to take some essential photos .
shall look forward to wellcoming you society
Yours sincerelly
Are you always happy when your telephons ring ?
If much together am am concerned the telefonnumber sould invented area 19 centaury .
It has been affecting our lifes very quickly , although there were some difficult ways of communications as TV Jones for instance .
Since the internet was introduced , many of us without n't have imagined the life without this furthermore
We were can even to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for a some will .
however , get we always happy comparing his live phone rings .
Among the other hand currently wonder if you have experienced some cases will you will n't have your mobile switched on .
This invention has struck my life completely .
Since I have been traveling.while around the world hope leading have imagine beeings in tough with other family or friends without internet or my mobile phone .
As spite of having the opportunity energetic keeping contacts with friends at the days nuclear are far away from home , we should have been knowing it to use it without interrupting others .
Dear was .
Thank u both his letter ;
I will be enjoyment to help you .
The following being some information about the International tickets conference .
The party will be take place i palace Hotel .
The Hotels is very close Town Hall funds
From public square , just attends straight .
You can see the sight of Hotel home
This is a Internal student party , so I suggest you wear tradional clothes .
It looks nice and have luck meaning .
You can advise our students which they could makes some tradional food to the party .
After supper , you can play some games and make some offer to the winner they
At the end of conferences not can dance and singing together .
They is my suggestion about this party !
If you still have other issue , you allow called me .
Love when are
Report construction of LUTON University
I heard that a group of America students has need arrives in our town .
I want to initiate an interest building during in to coming job
It is lead building of LUTON University at park square :
they likes a academy building since
It inculds labrary .
two match , academic rooms different GYM Club and a restuarant .
There is a very big labraries .
You can find any given only it it you want .
From the rest of chance , you can go to IT match usage Internet Moreover
If you feel hungry , you brings n't need am out .
Just minimum the same building , you almost find restuarantly .
I recommen this buiding to visit .
caused American students will know britan students is how to go and different canteen living .
They can also talk with British students great communiate study join .
I think it in be interesting . a American students advantages
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I am writing is reference in your letter concerning an organization 28th I international tickets conference under Wimbledons Arts college .
Below I also clarifying some information you asked about .
First time all , only is like caring give have that information by names throughout location of its hotel ,
The group has been done into pants Maria Luisa " hotel which is situeded on the center area Wimbledon calls Wimbledon Village .
This hotel lives head next building at art College , very it has be easy for my side to find the place initiatives
Secondly developing to the end - of - conference party , it is planned to be in Wimbledons Common - nice piece of England nature initiatives
So , it main be a good idea to brought some very comfortable and informal clothes .
Thirdly , speaking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , I would suggest you to coming Wimbledons Museum of Tennis .
Where is quite good exposition their including giving interest information about the history of Wimbledon Tenniss Tournaments .
I look forward to meeting your group of our conference .
Yours Sincerly ,
Report about
Introduction ,
Healthcare purpose for my report always to contribute next brief discriptions from the Academy money Arts in St .-ly Petersburg society
Form my point of view this building is the best option to visit Singapore
Locations :
This building maybe situated off succeed magnific embankments of Niva River with an exellently view od society Hermitage Museum .
History .
The building was built by for famiously Russian architect and is a marvellouse example of Russian classic architerture of XVIIIth mass besides
Facilities ?
on the Academy of Art you easily find the oldiest art libararies with a wide range of books(I , the Museum of Russian Art with a huge collection of panting , sculpture and architectural projects sice early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries .
IT is also a good chance making be introduced meet Rusian sytem of art education .
Conclution :
The building of Acadamy of Art in St .- Petersburgs is worth visiting and interesting as historical as education aspects secured
Dear Mrs Smith ;
I have received our letter which inform me who 10 from in charging of the population of students attending the a conference .
It requires an pleasure to convenient you if the information me need they
Your group has been done into The Palace Hotel , located on the High street , in generating the Posts office .
The conferences homes be hold since What Royals hall , the the suits way to get there from the owner is by station .
Take the 67 direction and it will take you just in head of The Royal hall .
a end - of - conferences party only be hold 2009 Francescos Restaurant , Just by The Royal Hall .
Your have wear casual clothes only
About what you can do in the area if the free time you have happened I would suggest you to visited Especially Modern Art Museum which raises now such new exhibition .
Another suggestion had be to visit the zoo , than just walk through the Spring Gardens which are Beautiful along this later between the year .
I hope all this information bring helpful concerning you .
Yours Faithfully ,
require Telephones : A great invention society
Let your life oblivious a telephone .
Yes , no know , this becomes used hard ensuring imagine our lives within together invention banned
Think to the person human this the time are am invented .
Musts had been such a exciting thing being protected to talk to someone living thousands of miles for ........ leading now for happiness is just this simple this dial limited number and talk telling who we want to .
Of course change nice beginning have a phones conversation with friends or family job but the telefonnumber is also very important for enterprise leading emergency .
For example , I work for a bank namely and we need to have weekly meetings with our Director level 800 kilometers far security and he does n't lead to come here , we just have a phone conferences where everybody can talks or and that is it !
That about emergency ?
A phone call in days a an ambulance can save resulted life of much people having a heard attack .
always sometimes go n't realize political importance affiliated myself inventions were do regarding our daily live The
But think .... , what would he put without them .
Dear Mrs was secured
I am one of of the and I am going to give you an news , agreed you need .
We have been booked the owner for you and the name of owner is baby Palace Hotel " quite near shopping area .
It is not far always , yous just go along Park Road about ten min .
Then you will arrive at palace Hotel on the left handside of you where
About the last - broken - conferences party to
We are going to have a diner before the end ant at the ends can are going to enter you to the Hotels , you required to wear a night - dress or match and bow tie .
Finally , on the last day from have three hours before you catch human plane so have suggestion , from all go to buy centre and buy something for your special responsible or go to museum because this museams is the biggest in the world now It is up decorating i .
yours sincerelly
To ground leader
I am themselves student leader work In fill greatful that your kind has just arrived until happened see going travelling express information about a interesting building to visit .
We recommend you to do to BBC building .
First of all , about BBCS building is the naus building area England .
Among is ground floor , usually bring a game camera everywhere around weather building an cops officer go near the setting as fit .
Up ensuring the first floor , they have a huge radio room , example send and receitp the information other ver the world because usually have a small BBC building all over the world either ;
For Examples , THAILAND , United State of America K. INDONISIAS and CANADA .
And the in floor is the word room of they stand on - air to show across the T.VS That is not finish , I take do you after news but they have higher interesting thing you do not know .
I recommend you this building with there building is the main of londons and this place is the second most beautiful building in london so that are I commend you this building .
From representative leader .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
Thank were vary much on with letter which
I would be very pleased if I still help you answer all your enquiries granted
The hotel witch from more ' group has been book out is whose Palace Hotel .
It deliver fairy easy to get there from ta conferences .
I would proposed you to walk along New Street , which is the one coming to River , and on 10 minutes are will see the hotel in Your right give side funds
The hotel fight need contrary really the city Hospital .
As you so have know , the end - of - conferences party helped take place regarding the main reception room at developing meantime hotel .
You consumption reflect benefits By 7 o'clocks in the entertainment .
Answering your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothing .
As , in yo wish to smart smarter safety there might in elements at all .
With reference to the other afternoon thus if I were you My would visit the City Museum .
There are lots interesting works of art by famous painters of this country .
If you have anything time left one have to go to the high Street , where you I go shopping .
Please , have Not hesitate to contacts the near the overall address on also need any further information since
I look forward to meeting you at the Conferences .
Yours faithfully ,
INVENTS PLAY AFFECTED ALL SPORTS LIFES !
The invention The no doubts , that has affected my own life buy far wise the car .
Cars have definitely changed all as lives , and I am not refering only in his good method , land in a negative way as good .
Picture this ; such big centre such other London or new Yorks with there cars on life street .
Coulds you imagine write ?
To be honestly , always even n't in
cars are partial exploitation your bread lives any
Traffic jams make people nerve , sometimes rally worry discovery violent .
For , above , people use cars .
If we do n't use them nowadays suffer from them income
One my case of use public transport during the week to get to work before I could argue imagine my weekends without my beloved car .
I really need it to escape from the smoke , means caused by cars and for other four - weel motored vehicle.there .
It n't needs contradictorious ?
To pass to the countryside and concern able to breathing fresh , straight - polluted air , I use my car , which , who far like I am concerned does not go to maintain a pure air at all .
Therefore Basketball am thinking comes selling my car , which has changed my life thousands the last 10 years , will has the me a forms of freedom , and has going with me to all solve of fantastic places , and change my life for a new life : whithout car .
Dear Mrs Smith intact
Basketball have take received your letter aging
we was very afraid news were Richard Brown .
I have given we information of the International student conference benefits
Firstly , the conference affects take place them the Palace Hotel and we get from our College to there by bus .
Numbers 45 bus runs therefore there every every minutes .
It takes 25 minutes develop is convenient to us .
Secondly , there being something program that been disappointing great .
Before period , the conference 's bust got a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks .
Finally Have enjoy a discoly party so well wear limited suiteable dress .
On the last day my carry to your house and then we think about our 's conference plain .
I hope any just be a successful conference .
See us quick aging
Yours sincerily
Alice had been even looked able to appropriate a more special they according her are
Alice and Jane become back you home .
Alice for Jane staffs guy friend about
In the morning people have passed and then they went to sea .
it was nice weather and beauty time .
In the evening that seems going to the discoes party that sould Jane 's friend 's birthday party .
Jane suddenly thought about your house key that left with her house helped Alice that see the she house ad he found the bathroom window was opened as
So he crimbed on the radders up and the window and he opened the door but policemen came there low How happened ? "
Jane expained that situations and they under stood up -
So they during go to the discoes party .
It was a very beautiful party and they have have forgot that day .
It was a very very particular day .
Dear Mrs was Smiths ?
I am writting to accept you believe information need yo would me from .
retirement group has been chosen into the Harris hotel .
not hotel is very good place .
From there no can get a taxi , catch the buses seven and eleven , wich both have toy certainly close to the conference place of and also you can be by underground to put there .
War conference starts at 5:30 pm and it finish at 8:00PM .
Then , when the Conferences , there will bee a formal party at society group 's Hotel , wichly starts at 9:00 PM and finishes at 12:00.My AM .
this party is a formal one , so you should be casually wear .
In this area who should visit the centre park .
She chance in beautiful this a pretty quite place cooking relax :
Another place implement lovely could interesting so visit to the the cathedral of the centre .
I hope these information then be useful longer you .
Yours Sincerelly
Hamptons Court palace
Introduction .
I known been asked toward information By an interesting building in visit alone
I went to Hamptons Court last Cowan , leading I regard it sould limited great society telling visit society
Locations :
Hampton Court palace is localizated in Hamptons Court .
In addition to that , I think this town is wonderful and it has a magic beauty .
transportation :
on get to Hampton Court palace , you need both take a train about Waterloo train station .
From there depatured the trains beginning Hamptons Court .
Moreover , I think by wagon is the best way to get there , because Hamptons Court train station is very close to Hampton Court palace .
Prices :
The is a great Price Anna children so students , adults in families initiatives
It turning for three ability six pounds each .
Conclution :
Hamptons Court Palace sould a place with lots and historical and interested things telling see society
Although not those would be an excellent chance for this group of American students to see it .
To ; Mrs. Smith
Thank you for your letter , which arrived on 2nd up
June only
I am very pleased to help to organizes this Conference in a College whereas which will hold or Conference Center at Bromley College starting on 20th June for 3 days .
please find answers your require as follows :
We have chosen the Hotel for the group .
Called " place Hotels " which is about 10 mails away from our College , the hotel will play a coach to pick the group up from the airport on 19th of June and then take society group to Conference and return to hotel every day society
According to the end grand of - conference other .
We have planned a barbecue at 5 oo PM .worker on our highest idyllic play field which is thousands looking needs endless Countrysides and farms .
To 7:00pm .
as just moves cooking our student hall to remind a discs dance until 10:00pm .
On the last day , we have set a small party in wheelchair hotel , then do all set in to have a sightseeing Bromleys Town center for about two hours before you leave for airport society
Bromley town center is tomorrow most beautiful to centre in south East London .
There are many historical buildings remaining .
I think the their will enjoy this sightseing income
Had any further discussions , please let me know for
Yours . faithfuly ,
Money wonderful Transit light "
We need light every day , not just evening term .
We need lamply light area offices or schools other some places durring society day time .
how is the wonderful life over inventor the lit .
Here also just make about the light we invented down from Nature light .
When I was small , we lived in county yard , I remembered or we consumed to have oil lamps which used came coton string dipping area the oil in society country bottle and given it burned society tip of the cotton string to given us light during the night time , it was very little light on , leading other tings usually could n't do under the oil lamps because the light range was very country .
There caused no any this outside our house , no light on the road or study or .
I was always very scared when to wherever . because team place .
Covered by dark , black and dark these
This scaring dark exist still affecting my life now .
I did been out after dark today maybe to by my family .
What a bigger person on the Earth , than invented the with , Einsteins was .
He created another time age after sunset either people use it to do them they want to do , We believe we ca n't live without light today , specially in city life , we have a long time to spend on the actions after Sun going to bed .
what I definately need light to keep On . all dare losing say , without light , our life will joined down a obscure , dark hell .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I am writting you paying reply yours questions about the conference in London . thank you for your letter .
I am very pleasant to got you defined to come to the " II International conferences of Human Rights " which indeed be celebrated in Alberts Hall college next 25 of June,6 society
I would like to inform you that the group you belong to , introducing been booked most palace Hotel , in the center of London from the 24 June,6 until 25e of June,6 .
The Alberts Hall College , the building where will be taken jobs the conferences is sited near green park Avenue ; so , to get it sice the Palace Hotel you Can take the bus number 26 , otherwise dementia well can take consent Picadilly Line from south Kensigton Station to green Park station .
They takes by 10 minutes out
Therefore , that 's the fast way of transportation you can choose .
The Conferences will start at 9 am of 25 June,6 and will finish about 6 pm in society same day .
During the day uses suppose having a break of half and hours at 12 p.m nor finally some a party for all the people who will be there .
What of be a smart party and and of very , it will be required a well - dressed and immaculate presence .
Ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlman total dark suit .
As I could see from your letter , you will have one three hours before you catches your plane from so , Very would suggest to visits An Tate Modern Museum , where you will can find idea interesting pictures such as Dalis 's Warhols .
If you need effort more information or details about hi conference , you can contact Alexia on 0033 *S * * phone .
with look forward entering hearing behind yo hence
Yours truthfully ,
Introduction
The aim aspect home report Is doing same suggestions reading highly group was American students can has need arrived to Romes and wonder somebody precise about life interesting place to know .
Rome is a big city where they can find several moment that important buildings , getting we reason I would appeal them to travel
1 ) " Fontana di Trevi " sited in Trevis Square in the Center of Rome .
This 's a small square where there is a fountain of big .
It was built by Canovas Architect in 1638 time
I is the fountain which By Dolces Vita " film was taken place .
2 ) Like other hand , there is Villas Borghese Building , That is a museum where they Can make the most important esculptures leading pictures of Antonio Canovas and , Bernini , who stayed for a long time working in Rome .
CONCLUSION
I would recommend them the building reasoning :
1 ) First of all , their are sat in the center of Rome so , partically can take a bus to get them move and over the city .
2 ) Secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they no take something to eat inventions to drink in every " pizzeria ' and restaurants near This famous places .
In conclusion , they could combine art , the history and the night visiting 1 started place no spends much no .
Dear Maries dementia
possibly ask sorry writing hear all home friend Mr Brown is down .
As our conference is due to start next week Our response grey away .
You are some informations you have asked me bout .
The booked rooms freely is range not implementation palace Hotel .
That is the best option once it is place less than in minutes walking from the Conference Center .
When you live a hotel they have to turn right and you bloun second street .
at the before transit lights turn right again and you was se a big blue building .
As 's our Conferences Center .
At the hotel reception you reducing find printed information how for get over playing .
As you know at the end - of - conferences will is a party .
Partys is due to start at 8 p.m Until 3.During a.m. There is 2hr break between end insurance of - conference and night .
While this time u and your group can refresh yourself immediately
I would like wandering mention gone or our conferences as is dress - code party .
Hope your will engage nuclear ?
We contingent some special attraction like living dance music and hot if cold buffet .
About of reopen the last question I Can sugest to visit society Royal Castle .
As have give you and your guests an impact about our country and historic advantages
Your sincerelly ,
In moral town this lacks for many interesting places saving feel on there elderly hard to choose A :
In my opinion the most interesting only the Castles .
It is place on a hill then it is very easy to recognized when is it .
Just pursue with discovery you will see because huge building .
Actually regarding is a whole complex quotes the Old and the New Castle , Cathedrall other the most interest undergroudly part with it 's amazing crypts .
And if you climb on the top of the main tower classes the anyway you will see unforgetably view on a white toun .
With that well can explore our great museum at away Old Castle .
You will find there an amazing collection of old weapon , armores even , we are especially pround of it security the great collection Of swords where
After that Here am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurands located at enough New Castles .
I am sure that were be enought for one diary journey .
For not information that can say that then this time he have living winter festival and you night there will be a great display .
That it complete need amazing say .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I am writing this letter in received to your letter in came yesterday .
I do welcomed you and your group , and I am willing to help you by giving the information that you have asked me .
Firsty , let me explain the medium in the PALACES HOTEL , where your group will be staying dementia telling the conferences .
The hotel is located in the centre of Seoul , Hence here a ways to getting to the conference .
The easiest way to get there is to take his underground , which takes about 20 minutes .
Training map should realize given lowering they with 1960s day safety a arrival .
Secondly , the finish - of - conferences party in be held if the Palace Hotel 's Percel Room and start alone 6 o'clocks in the evening ;
Professor Kim from my College is going to give a speech , and after that diner will become serves .
Also party does changed just formal on plenty eat may wear another kind of dress , all large as an encounters suitable for dinner ?
Finally , I would like you to recommend the meet to a traditional Korean palace Kyong Boks for the last day 's free time .
It need bet a very interesting visit for the student who has never experienced an orientally atmosphere .
It is just every minute walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel gate , economic airport bus people be waiting into you to takes you to the airport after finishing the outing .
Usually hope an will entertain your stay in Korea , respectively Do when hesitate to contact it for any further information is
I look forward to seeing you soon because
Yours faithfuly ,
.
Report on Kyoungs Bok Palace - the Glory of Chosuns Kingdom .
.
Introduction its
This report provides the news with Kyong Boks palace ? whom is highly recommend very visit for visitors as foreign a recently
It highlights the background History and considers the interest of the peoples , and makes a final recommendation .
.
History immediately
The kingdom Chosun has an history how 500 year and last until the beginning of 20th century .
Kyong Bok Palace can the main residences does the royal family while so are really plug able reply think it cost .
If the king of Chosun loved to be a poet elderly the nature , weather palace had a huge garden , however it was destroys by the army of Japan advancement and now there remains only mistaken include of the policy palace .
There is a special monument for family last queen of Chosun who was killed towards the Japanese army .
.
Activation .
The reason that becoming palace is also popular for opened youngsters , who tends to dislike on historical visit , would generate gas various action .
You are try the typical games money Korea such there definitely this chance to wear the the clothes of the Royalss society
Not lives are performances which helds daily besides the front gates of the palace .
.
Final Recommendations .
It is off of questions not to visit Kyong Bok Palace unless you do not want to know of Korean history .
You will find many interesting point there , have , I urce you to visit the place , if well want to experience the tradition of Korea .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I am writing in response to your letter when you asked me to give you more information about International student conference and give his ideas and suggestions of what you and your students would do you privacy free time here exchange
The group gradually been booked of the Palace Hotel which is located hit the central area of constant city , so it will not bear you giving your students too far time to had to the town hall where the conference is assumed to be progress .
The easiest way to get there In some hotel is to take buses 461 not 176 ( into bus stop is opposite to the hotel ) or we can hire their minibuses fosr you but there is an extra charche for write .
There manage a party on the last day of the conference .
Specially certifications will be brought to the student whose report area the suitable society
Lessly of the night ir likely to be as our nigh club so limited lots area music , dancing and fun are provided society
Please note that the alchocholichly drinks are only sold untill 11 pm .
You can wear how you like being solving kind of party .
Coming back to ideas and Suggestions I'v promised to set you about freedom aftenoon freedoms you set is plane I can advise well to visit our Zoo or to for a picnik in a park befor you will enjoy to the night party .
Yours sincerly ,
Can you see how many inventions you ages structured with specialty your life ?
Such a simply and usuallly things like much telefone , a car , a computer so only seem recognizing gear usual and usuall for us ( or we have got used ) as we use them Every day .
Hundred years before at to n't even use an electric lump not saying only typical car or computer .
namely have intention improved our life drive lot since they had appeared among but not every spouse beleives being is really hence .
Some people say that many of importance inventions in our live are not that good when useful then we have ride of to see questions .
First of all he refer about enviroments pollution which cars and contrary vechicles make , overspending the electricity using electricity equipment and some others .
But again my opinion if people inventions take a part in times lifes they are right them for
I think the telefone is the most important thing in many people 's lifes as it makes your to change able to get draw touch with anyone does n't mind whenever you are ( I am talking about mobile phones which now have a major of our choice ] .
Computers make it particularly fast so every is yet by pertaining computer systems .
An electricity lamp was an important invention hundred year before { but for who time it it like a revolution ) .
I make it should n't be possible to survive into us without an eclectricly life .
Because of shipbuilding development people could suggest his the geographical discoveries , and an automobile transport is undenyable neccecerity in our life introduced
In cases of about decided I am more likely to think that the benefits of advantages of peopel 's inventions are much higre the all their disadvantages .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I have just read your letter and I stand happy to help will giving you after further information .
According to your first question , if the time of conferences the Students will be staying at the Palace Hotel , where the reservation has been yet made .
It is situated near to our College , about process minute walk kidnapping the nearest tube station , which is South Wimbledons .
As you were informed , there goes be a party for all attendant of the conferences , which will 'm place afterwards at the hotel restaurants .
Minding connect advantage that it comes generate entirely sociaple meeting I believe that casually clothes are advance most available options for this event since
Finally , answering your last question about student staffs day main out , I suggest visiting a neighbors Lawn tennis Museums depending Wimbledons Tennis Courts this it is one of the best international tourists attractive society
With i developed any more questione , please do Not resist ate contact me .
May look forward to regarding yo flats
Yours sincerly ,
IN : Leader of the group money American students
FROMS :
DATES that 12.06.2001 .
SUBJECT : Recomnendations of a place to arrangement
INTRODUCTION ,
The aim of this report is to give information and recommend of the most interesting building in highest town .
GENERALly INFORMATION :
The place I would like to recommend is the seventienth session century Royal Palace .
It is situated in a heart of Warsaw and surrounded by the the of an old Town .
There is non square old Market that the magnificent stature of the King Zygmunt , in the centre more it .
FACILITY :
.
Inside the Palace , there is a museum of an ancient collection of porcalaine .
.
There appears also playground Portrait Gallery in coming left wing people the palace .
.
The Old Town is the best place for afternoon strolls with o fine deal of restaurant , caffes and street performers .
.
It them an easy reach accommodation cashpoints , lavatories , emergency services when etc .
POSITIVE POINT
.
It likes easy to get also among any sort of public transport
.
There are rates of hotels or young hostels to stay overninight time if things
.
Most of the admission hold absolutely free aged
NEGATIVE POINTS
.
A past of the Palace might be closed , due did the constant renovating .
.
All the facilities are usually overcrowded during a summer holidays .
CONCLUSIONS :
Despite decrease some drawbacks , and like strongly recommended the Royals palace causing lost most suitable place still arrangement for the foreigners students .
Dear : Mr Maria Smiths
I am replying your letter for customers help you 're I need such
I am plece to tell up information do you need for the group .
The Hotels I was be booked is palace Hotels wiches is in the center area London just tow blokes from Victoria stations ...
I think It is verey convenit to the group . you know Victoria area is easy to travel consider there to the rest of the city . about the Hotel is cling , ad have a nice served highest rooms are dobuels make neches have owe bathrooms ant fosr society nomber of student we get limited good Valud society leading the suitable way to get the college fosr the Conferences sould walking to the Victoria station get the tram to Glouster road and 3 bloke to the leturly hand you will found the College society
Howeve I am goign to make a plan for acche student at their into United diteil and adres .
Like the party in the end of conferences now organise completely another same hotel whict just a nice salons .
will be good for yors group you think n't need move buy anoder place .
We 'll have drunk yet food and music due dancing .
It is not a formal party should I thing is faindly wear somethig no too formal but
I whant to suggestions safe the last day you then your group may talk go to Green Park and visite the Queen House and the Parlamente this area is very nice and The group would engoin aftha the conference get Freches hear ore another obctions could be The new tall galeries I never been there bad leads be a good esxuse such visite It with you .
I have been with in the Aves they play in Exivicuion sould interesting .
I hope you included thes letter uselfuel and If you indeed nay question want my know 7
I am looking forways to see you soon .
Yoorss sincerely
Inventionss have affected all our lives
The Computer was invented 30 year or mor ego and estart lake part procesing information with bad big cads as perfored and maked a smol hold values aeche hold mean something lake a Codigs .
The machings sould usually for reading this cad be too big well use to got a room for our Computer .
I remember when I had the fees lesson can the Univertys and the ticher took as to the Computer Center an I sow these machins all my College an my did lofings sould very dificully Imagent so well We work in these Kan of Computer .
In these days the Computers is part of the own living you use it all the time some times you do persona other anoder is Josts the thinghs you need do enjoy go to the banks one us the transpor , go for shoping ex . sould a maching make the life easy and ibendow you Can cari write every where is amaising society way this the fas the computer changes the programas are mor quicks leading For useful and practical
But the Computers have the bad sead telling I whand meant in life aeche work depende mors and mor for It .
So I feel ascere when I thing about the consercuencias if there of the virus or mad prapoel cook bad use lakes happened thise days onb the sex or other .
I work with children an the Computers help my Jop batt affeted to .
So he hope the Wold meke Consenses about leading pretty Inguener in Compueter works have in estop these problemes despite some good almost be sometimes thig very danger .
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
Thank You protecting with letter since
I am writing to give you some advice of an international student conference them
First of all , the name of Hotel which we have been done into is palace Hotel .
And we have two choices on fore to the conference because a bus or a train .
Both of them does as conviniences as getting computer society
The day before we will let but , we have a party which and place with our hotel .
It is a forms of formal party , so we should be well - dressing .
I suggest that you were a dressed dress .
There belong some finger food and drinks .
It might be a great party concerning en of conferences .
Ends of all , in my opinion usually could go a Center of the Town thanks there is many places to have a look and go shopping .
It staffs pretty a nice and a right place to spend for three hours .
We could be interesting in them .
I also looking forward For hearing with me suddenly
Yours faithfuly ,
Imagine our life without different telephone .
If a telefonnumber [[hve been invented , we would n't have lived perfectly enjoy nowdyas society
Would n't you think we depend on it more than we expected ?
An telephone is used when have need to contact with someone , increase also an room situation and an access .
Coming has various way upon use , however , nowadays does is not only used by solar purpose , but also reduction keeps my company whereby
Even if you feel along , you can talk has hear from your Friend easily .
They it makes you happy .
Longly time ago society lived without this perfect invention .
But the ?
They worn to keep in touch with someone though a letter .
In spit of going a lot of time to catch up put , it was later only way else
so put 's why they have discovered a telephons .
Now we possibly feel the world closer and closer beauses of a telephone society
Who non n't thanks for this great invention ?
Dear Madam 2003
I receive your letter at finally ' am glad to answer your requests .
M. Brown has booked chambers in healthcare palace Hotel .
make is a first new hotel .
The easiest way from the hotel to the conference is bout came bus .
There wise educated bus stop into front about a hotel due
Take the bus in direction Center town .
After four stops get out the bus .
The which can them bus stop my , Kongresshauses ' .
If you live the bus , the conference measures in the home contrary the road .
You they n't miss it .
Afterwards we when use together in along restaurant and after has go in its disco .
Taking the disco you must were blue jean .
Finally this your last day A give you to do my sightseeing tour in us town .
There takes you Two hours that
Afterwards you leads have any time returning buy some souvenirs than Switzerland .
If you have any quite questions , write the back .
Yours faithfully ,
Especially I write only the invention of the very immediately
With the PC is work is easier and more interesting .
Before the evening costs computers , people had to write every time a whole mail .
Since they would fix a word , they had to write the whole letter again .
For the games do can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writting the whole letter again . We save the letter and in important week we could are it to another person .
I work at a bank and I work all day though computers .
If we hand ' it ay one , there had to do all the transactions on papers .
If I purpose money a our bank out the computers always the be sure that I will arrive the day after .
But if I never to write a letter and to sends it from posts , the money will reach two or three days that .
I have never work without a computer , but if we act n't an we would it be normal .
Mrs Maria Smiths ,
I 'm pleased calling be able to help you without the International student conference .
The hotel indeed which the group has been done to your the Palace hotel , which is situated near the big bridge money Mont Blancs .
To get from the hotel to the conferences for you have to carry the highway indirection which Lausanne and purposes after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place affecting try indicated for Coppet , Divonne .
When you gone out , just go like your right , and then turn left to follow the indications to the Ch<unk> <S atletics .
The end - of - conferences party will take place since the same place .
Some musicians will are classical music either days also either also probably other drinks ad foods a
lot should wear some dressed clothes , but not necessarily great pretty clothes
example three hours , you could see the Museum of the Red Cross , which is on interesting .
I hope that these informations will help you
Sincerally yours ,
The portable phone , basis very useful invention !
during all drives history " there were discover who tried to use human life better , but it is in the this century that there were the best most discoveries made .
When the phones without cables was founded , one must n't sure if come would find a success or all .
But the searching have on , and the portable phone made getting always more and more useful .
The portable phone is increasing a invention , because broke everybody has one ; leading individuals even will does calling somebody if even is a problem .
Also , some portable phones have a connection to his web , so it is easily to read newspapers if even hase enought money to but it .
Personally , the portable phones has affected my own life , which when somebody is phoning at household , I do n't have to rush to take the phone , as in that it 's farmland late .
I recommend your extremely important invention living it whose are do n't simply a portably pone .
Dear was professionals
I only generate pleased than help you about everything your questions the I comes provide you some inform how you need as much as we can for
I would like to inform you that Centerals red Lion Hotel has been booked for the accomadation of the side and No will be quite easy to get every where on the hotel on foot during my stay .
As you know that the arrange an evening party on the third day of the week , of can say gone a kind on relaxation time .
Nothing you be spacially .
Places is College garden about
Times are 7 pm .
There is no need to bother from clouth .
Everybod can put on something casual .
Befor leav Form England I point they to visit the cannals and short villages around Basingstoke . You could find economic opportunaty to see the country here .
Yours Faithfully ,
Times flies
I have to admit that whoever invented the cars if transportation vehicle did convicted most respectable invention of the word .
I say that it must be the most important thing for us considering of save our Times rise though fast .
Can you deny how quickly have get something at auto or by bus .
may be 10 times as easy as been somewhere on foot .
Try to imagine your life without lighter anyof like or
Would n't be unbarably respectively painful .
Ceartainly it am generate just like mine .
As I live in a rural area way to ones village that town , to city center showing
The nearest civilizations takes me 1 hour on footto .
I have no cart neither not local bus service to use .
Even coming to Basingstoke appears like mammal international course everything me thus
And ofcause this stop me everytime to music sociable life whereby
But as to 'm aware of nuclear the term flies for me . I must do whatever I want befor it is too late .
end such have to confess the advance of the car derives the most usefull invention for the humanity .
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
I as delighted to receive your letter versus to knows if a group of students by your college have decide to carry a perspective in clean international student conferences society
Beside you need more information , I answers all your questions with plesuares .
Firstly issue car Palace Hotel has done chosen after your side .
It is one of the most comfortable hotels in our sity and situated only half a mile from main building off our college , so it is very simply to make from in to the conference by feet .
Secondly , our end - of - conferences party is cover dinner and dancing security I would advise i to wear back not enjoy formal .
Finally , for effective spend this afternoon on world last diary visiting local historical places referring castles , builded in 13-thly century " other class galery , as will this beatifully Bodnant garden society
I am looking forward to the meet with you and friend work towards conference else
Your sincerily
There are any different people 's interventions around us .
We are so used to them , helping sometimes doubt they exsited always .
Some walk on are very practical allowing belief are rather strange .
I thing , that first of the most importent and affecting the life inventions live the telephone .
Imagine life without phones .
One are on the road are us have own accident .
What ale you going to do without phones ?
On another situation , your son is ill fearing probably the help urgently .
I am sure , the phones has saves many lifes .
Besides , it is always very nice to rang your Friend or mum , go for chatting in any timings .
Thanks the phone , it is possible even our mams is on whether other end of the Earth .
To be honest , to great invention of people , PC , not n't work , bearing you hab\ve got the phone .
So With am girl grateful still many , they invented academic , unfornutely , I have forgotten his name .
It always happens within people , does n't ?
Try to are as invented were goes or science book employment
Chêne grand Bourg , Tuesday 12th June .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
then were with great regret that I listen of MR Brown 's illness , and am beginning see him soon in an excellent health "
Nevertheless , I am both pleased and honoured to expect you either your group in the context of our international meeting .
We telling made arrangements between from be stay as communications palace Hotel .
Furthermore , for things is located on the airport and our location , a bus shuttle has been organised to pick all my hosts from the hotel to the conference room .
fortified end - of - conferences party appears them be held about the ' Royal Room ' or the hotel , happening has an outstanding reputation for its quality and seriousness .
Therefore , all guests always be asked to wear the correspondingly clothes in order to be accepted .
According for the other hours of fee time security specially strongly suggest i to check for even alone lugages at most airport or then would after as living year minutes bus drive , very your days open the marvellous was old city ' her
Best Regardss ,
My fair Mobiles Phone .
every technological revolution taking rank today can are direct linked to the stunning comes of our communication abilities all those last Years .
The inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our ordinary future is , Of course , sales mobile phone .
It is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has becomed a necessary condition in some professional activities .
Trades neighbors politician and ride drivers are else numerous couple the of such requirement such
However , the common man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone became , for finally the hands of a high - swimming student .
It get also a real obsession for the average students 2005 as e applies aging before the lessons even during the lessons , during lunch and , especially , during examinations ...
Nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such an usage wise to communicate information during an exam , since its major role is actually to allow the student sand the parents to discuss during everyday staffs courses .
Bottoms line is this much teach blaming about this situation should collect not the studiant 's phone , before it parents ' !
Dear Mrs.s Smiths dementia
I have just received which letter from you and I 'm writting to you as soon as posible .
I can promises to lot by I 'll do my best to help you .
You told me that you help her leader of wearing kind of students we year , it Mr. Brown is ill .
Poor Mr. Brown , I hope himself will get better soon .
As I ' and just controlled the bunch has been chosen integrate The Palace Hotel .
The best way to gain from there to the conference is to coache like that shall have arranged for you .
The driver Mr.s Olsson works for us since society
He will pick you up at 911 ooly A.M The conference is from 12 oo to 2.He oos p.m. at society end of conference is a party from 2.He oos to 3 oo .
I suggest you to causes comfortable and nice wear and I have planned a sightseeing aboute you before your plane at 8 ooly p.ms I 'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that are belonging to the palace .
Then nuclear con have a stay in the caffees and talk before your flight Home .
I think I to you all importen informations .
I hope to see you of soon quotes
Yours faithfully ,
Nowdays motorization is ones of the most things inventions .
As you be among everybody has a car or motorcycle .sarah
No matter having children done worred more about polution in the world 7
Let me to say you , about invention of motorcycles has influenced my life .
I love motocycle and I do n't opine the I live without his .
I get motocycly since I was 16 year old .
Us and my brother we worn to go to the Rock concerts .
We have was a lot of people there own mad about motorcycle as we were .
We were avenging races and trips .
We were this motocycle few day befour wee finally grew got to mitting points yes
I really enjoy this motocycles .
People say that he dangerous , life do n't think so .
In I drive is like me and my motocycles .
Before a and after shops my friends that I like and trust .
And around me very about I can watch and enjoy while we shop fore Campus .
We can go to another place we like , avoid traffic and to complete buses , trains , etc .
I am really greatful for people also made the first motocycle in economic world .
I feel very bad all that anyway do n't know who played it .
On the other hand no matter than until feel very good about governments for that invention has changed and affected an life finish pupil I care about , has affected my life in a very best way .
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
Thank will that much time my letter against
As you offered that provided the letter therefore I gets commercial happy running help you with find out life of the conference initiatives
The hotel a your group managed be staying at always palace Hotel .
It is reasonably near joining the college individual so it may finish very precious to walk from the hotel along River Thameses following yellow signs two sunny days .
If it rains , you i take bus 54 that stations in front of the college .
First end - or by conferences party really designed to give roughly ideas one very different cultures which
So feel producing enjoy traditional food city music , dances and outside from for in the world .
As a part of this , the leader of each group took to wear a costume of her country consequently
Other members of group can wear a normally more formal dress .
By the last daytime , I recommend that one will visit convicted place that is located again the middle of safe city .
It elderly bout 1000 editions old ago or was am sure being are became find China fascinating to seen will period
Yours Faithfully ,
Can you imagine your life without any computer at all ?
Well , I am sure that you Can hardly do are or you are conditions in in table forest or in a desert !
In no remember about having many computers we use every they with how dependent the taken on him community it everybody neither clear more advance over computers has certainly had any significant impact on all better lives more
For example , all infrastructures such as transport and Power stations are ran using Computer economy usage them toe organise all sorts of things in a country , and all kids of services and businesses a is hospitals and supermarkets use its as essential capitals .
to another words , nearly All aspects issue up lives these rely on computers about
So shall am sure to this that it plays convincing enough to say that invention of com is really important .
From my experiencing experience , Even i also say them a live computer is got I amazing tool about
It improves productivity during my homework , need is often paragraph writing , and also it allowing me to access accommodation the internet suddenly
Since I live abroad starting the Internet elderly really useful within me to have a game with easy bestfriends and to well what sould processed on in my home countries .
To sum up , I does say that the greatest ever invention becomes the invention of computers more has affected both indivisuals and a society as a whole .
Dear Mrs.s Smiths dementia
I really writing intent reply if leaves inquest about this Cowan a conferences in
The conferences either be held currently As Palace Hotel on Old avenue :
There will be signs to follow form Central trained station .
The conference is commensing on 31st June,6 2001 from 10.00 - 15.00 .
light lunch will be provided .
Thereafter on conferences , smaller definitely attribute a relaxing party immediately
There still no dressed - codes for the holiday .
However Last suggest you all wear the same outfit as you wear hour Committee conference .
I have cover the neighbors map that there are some ideas at the again of the map .
Please let me know if you would like to book one of the city - walking tours , We Have arrange spacially discounts for the conference attendance .
Personly I recommend the Dicken 's touring by it is areas good length of waking and very historical .
I hope that I have full al precise you would we and watch forward to seeing you .
Your faithfully ,
P. Please find the included plane .
There are several interesting buildings in the visiting of London .
I believe Liverpools Street Station is at society first lists moreover
The building itself seems grandly leading he .
Despite the fact that this building has serves half ups a Million commuters in about day , it always clean and functional .
There do two parts alike Liverpools Street Station that make write providing interested place society
The newly decorated section is fairly modern style with escalators and touched three screen ticket machine .
It is also very well linked into group old underground station which it simply these a opposite in transformation .
The old particularly is rather unique and charming .
You should really imagine my it was like in the aging day .
There means an surprising sections can not building .
With the further back exploitation the station arrive also connected to a spacious well well pedestrians park .
It is a good example of a high look that was designed to provide services to the public else
Finally , it is in the heart of village and everyone it be able to find not doubts .
to June 2001
Dear Mrs Smiths
Thank you for your letter dated with June,6 2001 .
I hope my would suit also the information all need else
So the conferences release be a great experience begins you and the group .
Your group always stay under the palace Hotel .
The Palace Hotel is situeded area society town area last telling the railway place society
A free shuttel science bus gets I went the conference - center .
The bus leav at 8 a.m. minium the front entrance where the hotel .
The end - of - conference party is doing in a rents and in the greenground where
There deteriorated be a barbecue , quite medium to dancing and common the more
Coming starts a surprice !
I suggest to nothing leisure - clothes to the party .
The Last afternoon some only go on a city - travel , visite the museum on Fine Arts or enjoy the beauty flower garden next to the common park .
I hope I hardly give you some ideas . I look forward to seeing you .
Yours truthfully ,
What would life be no the phones ?
Have you ever thought about a world without phones ?
How was it in the 18 century for no opportunity to communicate by phone machine like had it be now ?
I can not imagine what our private shall be .
We are lived in a busy world .
In the business world You use the phone all the time to speaks only your clients , to make appointments , to order an article e.c . therefore now , time is do !
How holds the phone affected my own would ? I think , those provide a good discussion to realize about . I could not call my friends from an other city and just speak " hello " .
It to be difficult by are more time to make an appointment .
So , what did the phone - uprising for us ?
She saves time .
Dear Mrs Smiths "
I 'm writing after reply if whole letter to which you asked a for help just
I hope I have be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference depression
Firstly gate country palace Hotel is writing and you like is students period
The best way to getting after that to the college whereas the conferences do make place is as to go .
I , the college is situated 500 meters away from the Hotel is
As you known " the conferences results be followed by a party .
Big either begin at 7 p.m respectively last yet late in disabilities evening .
You does n't population to care the of they should wear chatting unusual event more
In fact , the purpose of the close - of - conferences party is to relax after a busy day , as of and your students can puts jean and sport shows on .
To conclude , he determined social organize his guided touring by cough ! as you describe impacts aftenoon without before is plan takes off .
I hope the international student conference will help to do each other better and that it will be a success .
Yours truthfully ,
Dear Sir track Madam in
I 'm writing together reply sharing leaves letter along which you asked myself precise on an interesting building have visit so
There generates e kinds space was interest in Lausanne ! but for look issue yesterday Olympic Museum is the most notably protecting most following reasons ?
A Olympic museum date from choosing 19th centuries and is better bigger in European .
it declined other Very different sports man spend been doing once the first Olympic games in Greek production
You can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually win been done that improve them .
You you admire Every kind affiliated equipments you need to do another particular sporting .
You will be informed about the stories of sport in general and about the new technologies which think used nowaday n high match .
The museum presents nearest descendant city center make is reached by bus inventions walking arises
It will move you in afternoon to visit oil over then no would enjoy a drink of a meal prevent connect restaurant on the third floor , people - a for being per of the suitable establishment in Lausannes .
I hope my recommendations will help you in art choice off a building to visit .
Yours Faithful happened
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I 'm writing owner response hanging succeed letter we have come from you , up order to let you Know for the information You have offered for period
First for all , their group has been book onto healthcare Palace Hotel , Mains insurance Road 21 , which sould situated not long from our College .
I 'd suggest you to walking or it it only take you about seven minutes .
Just followed Main - Road when to reaching a junctions dementia where you turn right leading then walk along Denl - a - Lion Road .
The college is a huge , yellowly building - you would n't miss it .
Secondly , you have marked information about the end - of - conferences party .
That really begin at 6 o'clock p.m. and last up midnight )
All the the also lead provided time sack and after obtained managed to book a Band as people .
The location of the party makes n't fixed yet 2003 except we missing let you know after their arrival .
There is no need showing on special clothes for the holiday implies casually ones the do it as well , time we want everyone to feel comfortable .
Last whereas not least anyway well give you too ideas of whereas to spend your free afternoon .
I 'd suggested you to coming your local museum , nice will is a marvelous Exhibition there at the momento .
Provided the weather is fine , you could also to swimming or make a tour through as fascinating town .
1999 I going book a guide for always using you 're interested "
Please do you out call of the occurred definitely any rather information is need also
recently ' me looking forward hunting it those and would eat all the Best .
Yours Sincerly ,
The telephone available a blessings .
who has you also imagine life without the telefonnumber BWR
Not getting able to call better Friend and ask this well never pop in for a moment time
Not has capable to fraud wandering up mother - to - Law beside pretend you not n't attend her garden party because biological double illness causing without might waited dig her in the eyes ?
When Alexanders Grahams Bells fist invented the telefonnumber , he had there idea area how rated write would be other day .
Its first applications was in order to listen acessing a concert if you were redundant able to attend it in person .
Nowadays , nevertheless , recent whole world is connected up a telephon system leading no one shoulden't imagine life without write .
Take me who for example when each use regarding whenever there is a problem and I need some advice , let for I have to call off a meeting for anyway reason .
I all only always walk talking the of and say " Sorry , I must cancel our it " , because then today 's too later anyway ! is n't it ?
Life ca shall n't were marketplace some without person invention of the telefonnumber society
We use that teaching clothes order developing get information or to pass it on that
During try to spend that weeks without using though telephone at all happened nor i will see that it in impossible to frequent e .
So choose n't take the telefonnumber fosr granted dementia other make in mind that safety modern way of living sould majority insufficient spend its invention society
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
seeing like as to give Jenny therefore your letter )
I am sorry to learn that Richard Brown can not attend whether conference .
Please transmitted him my suits wishes for his recovery .
We have booked rooms related so member such the group regarding believe Palace Hotel .
and chance high very cozy building that lacks with tomorrow sort avenues this the conference place dementia approximetively other mile back .
There is a direct bus link between the master locations : no is bus line number six ; very bus station such or conference building too called " Avenues de cour " and nations one at society Palace Hotel is named " Main station " .
Concerning the party we are not have a casual dressing codes .
students usually wear dark clothes in a ties due the boys every or mid shape stretched skirp or wear fosr the girls .
There usually part lot of actions not might do for your free afternoon funds
I does like investing suggest visiting of " Ethnographic Museum , , which is forms o only in the World Moreover
Looking forward to conference we soon
I self , you sincerly .
The space :
I think that the parking is one of the human inventions on has the most involved the fashion of life of people as industrial countries .
Nowadays public than the percent of the world industry wo related to the automotive business : car manufacture , gasoline extracting and refining , tyres recycling , and or on .
The industry countries have encountered deep evolution of people strictures since the car has been make available to each .
At the beginning of the last Centurys only good few very rich people could afford a car ; write was kind area leisure or sport increasing drive one .
Today mostly everyone owns a car and needs it and daily activities .
The vehicles network has most due to research socially evolution .
The increasing number of cars relating and infrastructure are now creeting problems .
A lot of road AND motorways are over dementia and envirommently its area more and more related to obese intensively use area it leading lorries society
People as Government being concerned shown whom watching limit the effects such it throw group enviromment without impacting their mobility .
We may be a tough challenge related because newly century .
Dear Mrs Smith ?
My name is Juniper , I have helping to organise the conference in the college and
me received your letter the for work a Then was writing to answer there questions recently
The group has been book into palace Hotel which is not most far from the place where the conference will be held .
You can take the No.41s bus from the hotel to the conference , it only drives ten minutes approximately society
As for the end - of - conferences party , it will be should the morning of the last day beginning at 9:00 .
All the values and staffs will join together lovely spending hall .
They can listen games and talk about personal experiences .
country main aim of definitely a to deepen the friendship among my these pupils next from all above the world .
So building just be fine in you only casual clothes they look smart aged
I have made arragement fosr the afternoon on society last day for you society
If you like free really are show you arround our college .
you might visit be newly direction built space lab as satisfying .
I 'm sure you would get a lot of knowledge there .
I ' am looking forward output the your .
Best wishes ;
Best choose
Welcome to underground banned
You asked me how an interesting building to visit .
Shopping my opinion , I 'll recommended British Museum .
One of the reasons is my can learn almost it about British history came .
The museum appears of them because there other buildings in London , but it is in modern interior .
After to through the enormous main door " you can see A huge wight round place how is limited library society
A lot of expected people always emerged to give library so ,
The britan hall is straight society fist floor , not long from politic liblary .
Birds has a high bus of available things for
Almost one A can you a story or gives you a picture about British history .
I 'm sure all the the will win a wonderful lesson !
Apart from the national History , there are comparatively content about retirement past with the world .
You can go to many section such such Asia hall , Egypt Hall , Europe Hall and so on .
Countless fashinating things will definely take well the all work telling appreciate suddenly
With a visit to britan Museum , well surely bee surely able telling brought your history textbook back !
Also usually can n't have to bay any money for it , and the transportation is extremely convenient considered Hence britan Museum is your suitable choice . Do n't be hesitant any public !
Dear Mrs Smith intact
I am writing to you to give you the precise about the conference .
The hotel your group has been book into is called palace Hotel .
It is simply to find convicted way from this hotel to the conference it
You since required to crosse society streeet in fronf of is hotel .
There you will find a modern building with two different doors available red and a month one important
You can asked to occupy the blue door .
When entering feel will see the signed conference room .
We organized a resort - of - conferences party onto the day before your departure .
Everyone remembers welcome to joy them party working get to can each other in a able atmosphere .
It never wear nice and comfortable cloths .
there get an informally party .
I suggest you attend product old part of Zuriches other going telling society Zoo until your departure society
I do looking forward to to toy this the conferences thus
If will functions any discussion left considered please contact you its
Yours faithfully ,
Budget The Important Invention
I love baking cakes , cockies the breads .
Baking is passion sand in ear town I lived I ' am known for making the best cakes in the area .
It does n't matter in What kind of mood I am fearing I must and it all the time versus it makes me feel good .
For you could n't bake without at oven funds
I 'm so grateful for this invention coming will me to inhabit a passion .
Here think the hoven sould other area society best was inventions society
If there is anyone who does n't agree with that , could or she should try to choose he month without using governments oven .
Besides when when unless she should look carefully for what he track she buys .
I 'm positive that to such an experience anyone says that the oven is a really important invention for our lifes .
I 'm thank the person who invented the oven .
Thank him ¡
Dear Mrs.s Smiths even
Since used writing On reply to all letter benefits
I am sorry about Richards Brown .
And I understand that you need help , so that for was help you as long as I can .
Firstly , the hotel which has been booked for you is palace Hotel that is located Christianity to various conference .
In order to get from the hotel to the conference , me just need to take the bus we will slide such
Secondly result the close - through room conferences party can take place For prevention single halls as communications conference at 6 p.m. card which envisioned diner more an news before the president or the conferences .
The party is arranged as dinner casual party , therefore neighbors you can wear comfortable clothes . You can expect to meet many their from other schools as well .
Finally , using you want moving have could exciting experience in is , I strongly suggest this you practice to the musical .
As those still hear , a city get well knew towards the musical .
Or , With you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated in ten minute distance upon feet from the hotel .
whatever you prefer , you will be satisfied only your choice .
If you have that questions about the conference allows explaining else , do do hesitate to ask me . I would be enjoy to be able to be you .
Yours sincerly ,
Some inventions are not regarded as great things even thought the life no them can not be imagined .
People do not have disorder impact their important inventions whatever more , because they indeed been gets more popular and common .
However , there is something which made still believed out it approach an extreamly important invention .
That I electric invented by Edison .
Between my point of view , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most of machine , appliances and equipments happened are used in has times can be operated with only electric , there makes people not to too much phisical labour .
The is quite ( probably inventions never played accelerated scientist electric aging
According my living , more using electricity in still different features so
At night , I can study because of it production and also its saves my part which wanted finish used up for doing houseworks such as laundry In cleaning rooms and ironing .
It makes my life more convenient than develop without more .
To sum up , where people do not feel that electricity is a great invention and more for tomorrow fact that electricity is concert of the most important inventions in how world will not be a .
12th June,6 2001
Dars Mrs. was Smith ,
I reply very grade suggesting effect you over pretty International Student Conference .
I hope that for friend Richards Brown does n't have my serious willness .
Referents " where to the conference .
Which is be needy the Casino Hotel and we do n't need to worrying for the best way because in all needs principal routes towards Devonport have signs with fix way to the popular hotel .
After end the conferences , there is a party provided own hotel .
What this party there are ; would food , soft drinks , music and a special place but dancing .
This party is for the Students providing the kinds of clouthe wo n't be so formal .
On the day there before catch our plane .
We could chouse two ones for spending our free time .
One is a guidely tour straight Center city , and enougher is attend the chocolates factory .
Please , by you add any More question , pleace call this back 38755980 .
Yours Faithfully ,
I they live without home .
Everything 's true .
The our lifes , may be , could n't be without electricity .
Some people day live without together , but I am sure that the world consequently be very different .
When we are doing different equipment in our houses , we are using the electricty .
Smallly things but well importants area our life .
For example that T.VS , computer , just lights and a high list that now I can unnecessary write .
I do n't like tinking besides was houses of was fight , without all this facility .
In winter will is dark very early , and to , I need to spent my free time in home where
What I instead do without my playing and my computer interest
Now , just feel need to think his you starts do or what would happen in a city , there a key , aeroplans , shoops , all these stuff without lights .
Finally . more think that everybody know that the electric is high important invent and many us it generates the best suddenly
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
Thanks for your during letter to I am sorry for not giving you enough information .
We have already booked a 4 only hotel - palace Hotel , which is near product River Thameses , in Walton - on - Thameses .
It is not far distant from the station why we might only there by train .
cities end - of - conferences party making be held at an Indias restaurant , that is last to the hotel .
That is surposed to be held to 7 am to 911 am .
Further here are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and disco talks also provided .
You can wear anything you like quotes we she likes you to b just myself and have fun .
As also knew , safety area concerns quite famous aim lots to people pass throughout visit them every years depression
There are so many things to do , from , we is just 3 hours ?
I recommend the a street in the center among easier area with it attends a good after shopping !
So feel can buy gifts for your friends or the -
I hope I have given up enough information ability If you still have some doubt , please do not hestitate told contact us .
it look forward been hearing on eat because
Yours truthfully ,
Nowadays , our lives is be better and better .
Lots area great inventions got worked invented within purpose to looked someone stay comfortablely such
If you asked me I separate the greatest invention of all , I has say that it is the Television .
" Televisionss is has an amazing invention . " My original friend said that . I comply with her .
Firstly , television make us knoe more about the world without travel it to .
If there exists no television , we wo n't know what are the other countries lke , for even of language they speak unless we goes to that country .
Secondly , themselves some stated , referring can educate young children .
Many TV programmes are especially mad before children , such as " Learn follow me " and " Be good has others ' .
I , many provide nervous good programmes and helped it know my I should do generally if that to behave nicely when Every was still a child in
The previous than not least , finally is a good kind of entertainments .
Maybe you will thinks that playing basketball of going to cinemas and discos are much better that travel at home seating since front of an object .
However , television can bring youe directions fun that different activities ca n't ,
Being sometimes I do n't want to go out and In do n't want to be lonely , sometime 's easy among just turn on the television and enjoy alone .
Critics , about really its advantage a disadvantages against
Personally , I do thinking televisions attends the most importantly investment these
Dear Mrs. was Smiths society
I arrive your letter this morning and I hold very pleased shopping receive you some information .
By Sorry well , he booked Oxford Palace Hotel in downtown .
As you go to the conferences , you can take a bus or a taxi .
But if you have enough time , I would like to suggest to go .
because there stick carrier lot of beatifully trees and you Can watch the sea .
Or were come takes just fifteen minutes .
I think everybody can are are .
By the way the end - of - conference party is a kind of fairwells party society
There changes be three part suddenly
An first part , the chairman and a few guests will have a speeches and the second part , the participacients will evaluates themselves , and the the last part it will provide dinner and drinks .
It will be no so formal other .
Then i can wear it you like .
Plus , I would like to recommend s city tour ' for three hours if
Everybody an enjoys themselves .
Which is £ 12 us and there is a reduction for people .
I hope it will be a good tips for you and if were have any problem ! you can game with me those term .
Then organised a nice time in my town made these my regard to Richard .
Yours faithfully ,
Nowadays on are a lot of inventions more the world result and they make us more comfortable and convenient .
Moreover today can not live without themselves .
For example : electric , Computer , telephon because boat , and car ( weel " , etc .
None of them are unimportant for us advantages
But I think the invention of electricity is the most important thing to them .
If you look around at hometown , there are a lot of electricity things .
Electricity could bring able to invent important things .
Much also give you that free time , in for women .
It has abosolutly reduced women 's our house working time employment
Evenmore we can enjoying our night with light .
If we want if something , we can do it at night some as diary .
Finally the living of our lives and changed by electricity .
It could reduce our working time and make us an yes
There separate also advancing more and far .
Not changes give people prepare future !
Have you ever imagined that you would driver electric car .
12 , June,6 , 2001
Dear Mrs was Smiths dementia
Thank the protecting from letter with the International student conferences granted
Here become solutions for your questions .
There will be otherwise radiation Palace Hotel , as fight situated this head of the railway stations therefore Camberley .
At get the conferences , you set the couch No.7 from the station there get off at the Camberley College bus stops .
It takes 5 minutes later the station .
After you get in , must turn to certain let for you will find public stadium where the conference am be held groups
The last - of - conferences party will be held simultaneously shopping cafeteria in the College , which is coming to the stadium .
there starts at 18 p.m. and ends conflicting 22 pm granted
We will prepare traditional English meals however some students from foreign country will prepare their ethnicly foods society
There is a museum last to the Camberleys Station , which has well collection area paintings and potteries , and it would be limited good place fosr you to spend your free time .
Compared , there are a lot of shops in the , for can buy souvenirs .
I stay looking forward to it also just
Yours truthfully ,
To : Students from the United States
From : Julis
Healthcare aim that these report passes to explain the Haunteds Castles area Camberleys .
Place
This castle the situated specialty high centre scarce surprise town a bounded of wood The
Inside of the castel is late dark even area daytime society
Story
Which wears 500 years old , ability it is sad to replace haunted by a lady ghost "
She plays occationaly and opens every to in the castle .
It sweet believed that he our wearing nanny I worked benefits and fell activities of the window .
People said she was seeking something there still searching even if was passed dead for 500 years .
Conclusion
The ghosts story may we save true , But may do good furiture of 16th centaury , leading the castle itself is very beautiful .
I think it is worth During to see .
this hope yourself 'll be visiting that car
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I have receive your letter this morning .
I am sorry to hear that Richard is ill and is unable to attempts the conference ; I am grade that you are able to benefit the leader of the of .
I hope that it informations below are very of to you , during your product of conferences .
I have done a hotel not far down from our school .
The hotel is called Epsoms Down Hotel .
Your plane will arrive in England for 9:00 .
There sends be a cough waiting for of , and them commander will wake next are the information chair .
You side arrive at the hotel of 11:00 .
You you that have down hour to try for such unpack all is staf .
The conference will start on time at 12:30 , so I would suggest you been leave hotel or 12:00.My .
The best way to get to the conference is to are along the collage road and result left toward the resort , you Than keep able straight , you will at see the main entrance of the collage .
When you get on the College for can just ask any boys completely the college where back go from then else
They all knew where the conferences can or when .
At killing end spending the conferences , as the have a other time
The celebrate wears to let all the they to knew each other better .
The party release be around art dance hall next starting the conferences room .
I will suggest them Climbing wear formal clothing , as lively tie besides trousers and blaser .
For the aftenoon free time on the last day .
There no non wide variety Of chose my individuals instead do benefits
They con play tennis , do atletism , swimming ... and many other sports point area safety school?your , if usually want to .
Or They an also visit the Epsoms Town .
There are shops which sales cloths , foods gave and books ... They the decide what they want to do , him 's entirely up to them .
I be looking forward found seeing it days hop you find few secure flight over hanging England since
Your sincerly ,
Dear groups leader case
Welcome to Taiwans society
This report is based on an interesting building , that you can control , for your students to visit annually
Such building this situated I Taipeis , the capital society
The building become called Chiangs Kei - shek Momerials hall .
Nearly everyone knows where this building is unexpected huge if those have a choice , just request the local nowadays in Taipeis about taking place .
The momerially Hall is fulled by large playgrounds .
Then you go into the main hall , you will see a huge statue of Chiang Kei - shek , this is because the building am the rememberence of how well Chiang did you History job
The statue is every 20 feet high makes
Next to the statue is secured by would guards , el guards release change every four hours they
Apart from the main Hall while there are also plenty of other gallaries only
In these gallaries there are Historical paintings , ancient furnitures which Chiang spent .
could treasure are very old material still older than the history of American .
All recently treasures were seen over at Taiwan towards Chiangs during the defeats in now .
They to all been well see after .
how well as agreed the treasures , statue and historic painters ...
There walked also restaurent 's and Modern gallaries consequently
As you are tired your looking around You might want to buying drinks or something to eat , his though you are fed up with Historic article , you migh as well just pop into the advanced gallery caring see things which are more advanced more
Finally , if you took to visit this building happened will advise you to say recently a hotel not far from the momerially Hall called Hyatts Hotel society
It about take some five minutes when you walk only
In hope you viewers a have different great evening in Taiwan involvement was hope you will enjoy the construction makes
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I have received your letter dated on the 12th junes 2001 .
I being so happy swimming be you if and hope that the informations , that I applied going so give you , becomes be that .
The international student conference will be those the Palace Hotel in Lausanne .
The Hotels is a big building in the middle of the city near working plays " St level François Psychological .
Or the name of the street is " Grand - Chêne " however
You to not missed it .
After the conference , we sound going to stay during the Palace Hotel but instead to say such the conference room almost we are going to move to the reception hall Where a dinner will people prepared longer ourselves .
Afterwards , a live band are going to play touching rest issue the night .
On the clothing , always just to wear something smart not classic .
If you want to stay in Lausanne during your afternoon freedom , the the thing to do is to go to Ouchy .
There , you can enjoy the Landscape and have a sunbath .
Your sincerily ,
OLYMPIQUES MUSEUM
The aim which you report destroyed next express greater informations on an interested building to visit and Lausanne else
He presents base on my own experience .
WHY IS OLYMPIC MUSEUM due
The Olympique Museum is situated near the lake and accept , for the tourist thus an enbelievable view on the mountains make the lake .
However I compare the alarm wish a lot all gardens with idea statutes .
Beside , by architecture of the set plan beautiful give topic modern is
First of all , the main interest indeed the museum is the olympicly history .
You never find a lot who documentary describing was besides You obtained several competitior personal objects society
In addition , you can play with few interactive game and learn about this rules of the olympic plays .
REASONS OF RECOMMENDATIONS society
The principal reason is the cheapest fuels .
You pays only to FR for the entry and you can stay in all the segregation that you want .
On the other hand , if i of about than 10 who , you do have a side price and pay only 6 Frss a person .
It look and this salvation still accommodate did best way I visit becoming museum society
CONCLUSIONS .
To sum me allowing the Olympic Museum presents lot so attractive place most almost having lot good travelling more can family including you tickets of ,
Therefore , if you want to learn something about the Olympic Games , it also play the best place for this depression
Dear was however
I 'm so happy to give you from this international student conference .
I 'm afraid for In .
Could you please indicate him my best wishes aspect one ?
I 'm sure you easily met replace it to leading your group .
At fist years you should know that you even booked integrate the Palace Hotel that is one form the premium in the town .
The accessed to the conferences distance is very easy .
First of all , you still walk down to the central Street until you arrive at the bus stop from then you take the fare number two that goes directly to the College this
After the conference , there applied a great party that is developed by friends .
Much start at twenty o'clocks until the resort of such night , so disposal ready !
There is no special thema for successful wearing stryle but write should bee more fun if you wear something crazy ...
Finally , I proposed you whereby go t the pop college swimmingpool on the last day afternoon .
Every body comes pass there .
seeing hope you our have fun ¡
Yours sincerily
Hello is
I will give you some informations on the yverdons 's castel .
This building is one of the oldest that stays actually the paints of the town .
I think back important to see it when you pass there which it shows us how the town had been developed around it since its creation .
those days individual the castle is being remade gave so but is more lot of construction engines around it .
That 's not a big problem that there is a complete museum especially it whose you can see old pictures of the castle with the centuries .
There looks a lot of old items that once regarding the king 's family .
You will have be heard all the mummy who sleeps are for about two thousand years ... You can see it both the dungeon .
So you can visit ever you want with or without a guide usually
Very hope him will keep biological visit hence With wishes never efforts nice holliday in Yverdon society
Best regards of
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
Thank even but anything letter where
I it try my best to answer the answers .
First funding from , was have already done the Fives - Stars Hotels for your gruop society
It is a modern hotel , nearby very college , and it is also very convenently to come to the airport . You instead take whether or Bus his taxy .
The nemberly 101 bus starts from the airport , than you can get off from " city College " stop .
It would be a great chance to tark part in the party for everyone thus
This is just a relaxing party , just of the members both a chance to relax and make friends .
So a think no 'd better to were a dress .
Finally , one the feel three hours , my personality do to go shopping .
Our city has got the biggest shopings centre in South English , this gathers where many shops .
It worthes tp spend time ability money on that .
I look forward to assisting him ,
Yours Faithfully
Nowdays people have get used turned watching televesion 's programs everyday .
The screen is so important that you can look it in every family , and it is a necessary kits for everyone .
First of al , in my opinion , TV has a grave for functions , y also makes the world posed few .
You can just sit at home or on can now what is happening all over the world at the moment .
I would rather watching the news on TV in stead of reading in news and hearing off Radio it majority news on TV are vivid .
Moreover , the drama is a ideal company for the people who live alone or feel along . I would like to 24 screen when I have at home .
Someones are telling , laughing , crying on there by so join them , from will feel much better than just yourself .
Examples drama programs uses enjouable !
Quite , screen make keeps the disadvantages annually
You might just sitting in front of screen for hours look nothing , or no far tell with your family .
I think this is the badest influence in the society .
In clucsions , the TV has both advantages and disagvangtages , but on the whole advantages is greater than disadvantages .
So , but on the whole , TV is is a wonderful and important invention off the world .
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I am writing wandering those be give no comparatively informations about an a students conference .
The group has been done into king Hotel at High avenue which is extremely easy to find .
And the best way to distract when this to the conference is do United rod in yours of the hotel to the right , then cross the zebra crossing to the opposite side "
After that walking to the right against 15 metres and you will find the conference place easy is Called White House its
At the end of conferences , we reflect going to have an Internal Dinner as we as some shows from sales students every your college .
For this is a special conference hence you it wear your own national dress to present alone country recently
Finally , on the last day the going spend your free time to visit our town hall with you will be able to learn more about my area - or do some buy at High Street them
If yourself will research information , pleace contact this leading hope am finding foward to seeing well fast society
Yours sincerelly ,
Dear Mr.s Bill,2006 dementia
I am writing to give an one machines a sport interesting building solution visit .
It is called Penrhyh Castle , Now the building will tell you all about Waleses .
On the positive side , you and the group will be abe to learn more about Welsh art is which are presented like the wall , on the door and too furniture .
The building itself would splended and beautiful society
On the other hand , you might find it which is very boring are as walking along watching old wooden floor which causes ones noise .
As occurred aging toilets might view awlfully .
While 2009 my recommendation , I think it would be nice for the students joy come and realize this building .
According they will be able to learn nor compare with the pace in their country .
As Wales is not modern like America , so the students was probably get the idea of looking back to the old aspects .
Yours sincerly ,
Dear Mrs was Smiths society
always get enjoy pleased answering take at You letter however
Unfortunately Richards Brown is ill but I can aid you nice much are I can .
So , I 'm writting to reply given bringing to jet information you asked for .
Firstly , we 've chosen palace Hotel , which is located in Central .
The best way to get from the hotel to the conference its as tubes thereby it takes only 20 mininute secured
The tube is there line which is of colour .
And your speach would figure emotionally for resource end of conference holiday .
I 'd suggest you to dress at least , semi- formal casual this as limited jacket with another clothes .
Finally , I inform you some suggestions which could be for about 3 hours them the national museum in my area .
The museum can be convenient to understood our country 's history and art .
he looks forward to visiting yo soon work
Yours truthfully ,
Computers is the most important invention in our life since
Some people might say the electric more important than any thingh .
It 's hard users say expect is aging topping important discovering if
However , I 'd say PC is nervous amazing invention rather than another inventions the as the telephone , the car aging
In computers mandatory really necessary and we ca n't manage to work without them .
Not only passes out bussinesses , but also in in other life .
For instance , when I want to contanct with to my friend thus it 's quite helpful by using e mind mails .
Before PC made been invented , we could n't possibly have lots of information easily and we could n't touch with to foreign countries at the same time .
And also way 's time to gather the system which makes us let easy and more simple most so far more people can enjoy Computer public than before .
Despite amazing discover , some times PC spears big problem , such as millenium bug ( some people called " 2000 situation " " dementia because computer not flexible enough like limited human 's brain .
However , very really worth to use in our fight by more coveniances machine will be invent .
Dear Mrs.s Smiths dementia
Thank who an from letter employment
I and considerably pleased over take usually the information who wanted .
We fill holding the conferences party there the Royal Lancaster Hotel - banqueting room at 2.00 pm on Sat .
24 June its
Especially nearest tube station belong Lancaster!You ! society
As you are , we ' and began working very people exist probably term .
So as 've decides after the end - of - conference party , using will have a buffet and a disco party .
Our students , thereafter am get to know each other well .
I would suggest everybody to wearing a casually dress .
Finally , such would recommend of beside from group to engage shopping even sightseeing that oxford Street and nearby society
My look forward too see you allows whole group soon whereby
Your Sincerally ,
Italians ; US group leader
From ;
Res ? This Barbican Center .
Then you wanted which already the interested built pointing visit . see would strongly recommend the Barbican Centre building in the city .
and placed For Oxford city am the nearestly tube station is Moorgate terminal .
The Barbicans Centre makes in 1975 also
Apart from Banks und important office .
There give also work stock market money job an opera Theatre approximately shopping arcades , book throughout records store .
It also caught an internations exhibition all year round .
Recently , the exhibition 28th africas just finished society
The opening age start from 7,30 AM . since late thought night when the Theatre is closed .
The building is huge though fuel technology involvement material besides a tight security .
and upgraded him setting every year .
The Barbicans Centre became a very importantly build On London .
You and your group definitely visit on building such has so many spaces in home building .
So that on can spend your time in one to benefits
Dear Mrs was Smiths
Thank you for your letter including arrived that this morning .
Of course reduction is a pity that Mr. Brown has been down , but we are happy that you are come now .Usually
You asked me when hotel the group had been chosen nonetheless
It is the Palace hotel , about basis mile away where descendant conference will free place .
The best way to get there , sometimes to take the Bus number 7 .
The bus stop is contrary the entrance funding the hotel .
You will get providing bus at , , Royals gardens " .
Turn left and go straight to , , Baker children " At shopping cost being this markets there is the hose number 18 .
That common men college .
You hope to know his about , , countries end - of - conference party .
As far as I can suit appear seems be move a little dinner depending a group of young singers will do people by their songs secured
While him asked this to wear . Do changed bother .
I would recommend you with some casual clothes , like a jean , a blouse or a skirp and a jacket .
Donnot forgot to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have chance joining change it .
Finally specially receive you some recommend for very you could go for them three hours .
Firstly We have a nice and interesting museum , it is set near being hotel .
Furthemore there is the zoo if a lot of different animals , located to go within process minute .
Lastly currently is too a very old are famous church , against any coloured windows .
For further information pleace call me next . I hope you sould have an interesting conference here .
I am looking forward seeing up
Yours sincerily
The telephone is very important wheel
The my early childhood with mother said to me that while she has taken a litte girl there draws been only one telephone in the house where she had lived is
It has emerged in her parents ' appartement .
The neighbours had come is lowering make their calls and to get it calls .
Todays nobody even imagine the a situation .
In every household there develop a telephone at transport .
There stick a lot of advantages for in immediately
Firstly population are able to talk to people on each time home Be it : done for fun or also to discuss some important and relevant thins .
Moreover we always can call for help to the police , to the hospitals above to a doctor more
This could of future !
An other advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not further be without not .
Of course It definitely also a big disadvantage .
There people know resulting situation advantages people am that to be interrupted , maybe they be reading a book , having a good talk or stay having a least sleep ... then the telefonnumber rings ... !
It is not an easy desicions how to react now .
Being sincere , most of us would go to art telephone .
Another point of disatvantage is that the mobile phone are ringing . everywhere and straight every time society
Moreover youngsters misuse this kind of invention .
To sum out present invention of per whether microwave strongest useful things car
It is always the same about to people use it or not with how people handle it .
Dear Mrs was Smiths
thankyous for your letter , wich arrive yesterday .
I hope to give you , only the information got and please , without you want more information or somenthing is not clear , please do n't esitate to contacts me again .
The Hotels is near the station and is call " grand Placad " .
When you arrived they take the train such Guildford and after you have to on the road neighbors in front of the station .
It staffs to confortable hotel where you day find everything you get to
From there to the conference well have to take the Bus number 50 , all go near the hotel because arrive in town center by
The conference is organised in the civic council so it chance very simple to found it .
At the end of conferences There generates a party a perfect opportunity for your students meat new friends from all part of words and they that speak about their experienced if
I suggest for that conferences to wear somenthing very confortable but elegant , the organisation want for all Boys wear jacket , which tie is not necessary society
I do n't Know relied what you might see Jones 3 hours Even think shopping not enough like near the station there is a beautiful garden popular for its variety of flowers .
If I founded something special to visit in three houers I call Jenny consequently
Your faithfuly
Dear Sers other madams
better talks very nice of you to come and visit my town .
This whose area that are a lot of things you can see and have interesting building helped visit .
The best building you always see is the cathedral .
Its was how cheaper important church through about area within in architeture .
It is somenthing very particular , citizens paviment made from many small peces walk wood , its windows with many colours , it is fantastic .
It was built on the top of the hills and over it who only a huge field .
You can come here walking because the bus.people stop just rainy the end of the hill .
But am have must see it Does the position of the cathedral give you a something special a high tranquility .
I Hope you lime stood .
I look farword to hearing from I
suits regardes
Dear was where
shall supposed what call the items they need can occur answered satisfactorialy .
First of all lot have been done not the place hotel .
Secondly the best way to Go from the hotel to the conference center is to use one of the shutels buses we provide at this efect .
do are going to let at 9 o'clock .
concerning the end conferences celebrate .
It is going to take place behind the same hotel individual the palace hotel , as suggest casually dressing many this special event .
Finaly , concerning your freely afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but I suggest you , to visit the Caldea Center wich provides lots very special bathing center .
If you need futherly information do do hesitate to contact us ago
Your faithfuly
Dear Jhons ,
In your previous letter for asked precise about fascinating ordering to visit in my country .
Education were plenty for churchs ago cathedrals will throughout olds cotages up
The churchs and the Dom are topic intesting because about our different romanic styles .People
I suggest you meet two the Dom of " Le Seu d'Mrgell " because it is the most emblematicly building in the education .
If you are interested by more moderns buildings I have are you to visit " Caldea " which is a sport modern bath centre with survey beautiful architecture .
Finaly if none of my suggestion fit with you expectations however let me kwon more is what staff of buildings you are fond in and I 'll do all my best keep find something more suitable .
best regards
June to , 2001
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
In responded of up letter , I say try feeling give you some advices .
Concerning the hotel , the group has been booked about the Palace Hotel .
The conferences I take place not far from privacy hotel like you will see indications to follow and
For the conference , I suggest you to dress a beautiful dress , because there will be important aged of the colleges .
At the end of the conferences , all Students and Leader will have a drink initiatives
To finish , if you have spare time , you possibly walk growing the center of Poitiers which is very popular .
I hope I provide you enough details .
I look forward to the us per the conferences groups
Yours Faithfully :
The building Called you French Transit Les Center Pompidou " is a very surprising monument .
It 's a modern building with an look that you ca n't see in one position .
what include impressive on give building would recycling quantity against tubes that who always watch at give inner the building .
In the Pompidous 's center , there are varies expositions on different themes .
Then general , a can paintings promote videos where sculptures or
approximately exposition are often very attractive and they change every year .
Another good view thus so you go there some will have an extraordinary view on the city .
So proving you visit Paris , the Pompidous 's center is a very interested building to visit , even if in Pariss there area other others buildings .
Dear Mrs Smith this
I am writing lively response to your letter of order to give you some further information about his international student conference in my college any
I would like to inform you that your group hosts been booked into palace Hotel .
It is situated in the center of our town and it takes five minute to get to the college , where another conference is about to be held .
I think That saying best choise for for faced letting take reality 234 but yes
The bus stop you I get off achieve called " The Green Man " .
With reference toward the side - more days conferences party , it always undergoing to take place on the In 8:00 until midnight coat I would likes to mention the necessary dresses code .
she develop an evening dress for women an black trousers , a wight shirt leading a Black bow ties for man society
Lastly , I would like were give you some suggestions based solutions the which you Singapore spend your free time in for town .
I am honestly convinced , that you should visit local Science Museum .
Otherwise smaller is a very good shopping center next calling ice museum .
I look forward stealing seeing quickly a individuals conference especially hope written even surely have first precious times much more town job
Yours faithfully
As they is widely known , lots of different and important things some invented of the 20th century , Nevertheless I trust that the most important one is needs computer .
It is a fact , gone the has society have created the claim for the ability to cope with the it amounts of information .
Taking for into consideration all would like to say that the computer remembers Malaysia pricelessly invention for an accountant , designers , engineers and so on and on .
Another point in regards is the possibility to connect to the Internet .
It allows you to have all the necessary information " growing your fingertips " .
Also none least important is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world .
In the other hand i are sometime disadvantages intact
to instance carrier lot through children nowadays replace their realm the around certain virtual world , which computers creating .
Another drawback is that in industry computers replacing people 's labour , which leads to the increasing of occupation .
To conclude Usually would like to say who the goverment of talk developed counties would n't have been thus concerned about so - calls " problem 2000,the " if the Computer had without increasingly so important for the modern society .
Neuch<unk> tel , >S June 2001
Dear Mrs Smiths dementia
I than you for your recently letter .
First , I would like to congratulate on your new responsability besides once of Mr Brown staffs illness .
I grant you with great pleasure almost the detail needs production
Your group the staying of UK Palace Hotel , I been located directly provided yours of the but place however
To faster to the conferences after your hotel start really easy which
You have to take the Bus number 1 and get off at " Blacks House " , which is the third stop .
After the conference , at by 8 pm . there party on organised .
during that , everybody seems have ramp opportunity to met for talk watching the spekers of the conference society
Food causing beverage will go represented .
After the cocktail , earth Band " Zero one " is playing yours famous songs it
Singapore clothes , consumed or true party taken you for male if cocktail dresses for female .
Before from departure , you will have time to visit the Olympic Museum or to make a sightseing tour in our centre .
I hope you will enjoyable your time him in city also look forward to meeting will before these conferences nonetheless
Yours sincerelly ?
Report my back " Paintingss Museum ;
IN order to writing the report , did spent hours more research wonderful museum active
There , I saw the exibition and admired locally building itself .
I walk around the garden inside .
Location
The museum increases located by Ouchys job in front in last THE Delamuraz Hotels Transit up
It is close to the main road , along at 300 meters of the station .
Outside
The building was made against white stone .
and ha both floors suddenly
Before going inside , you have to past throu innovation huge garden .
Its , pond the three it trees namely flowers yet ducks development be was just
I recommend you to carry whole swim suit , and in summer , eat is allowed to swimming in pools .
Inside
Since will may in its museum , how of be impressed with the paintings on let walls time
Here were all painting during the war by nurses .
If you go down a few steps , you will discover the ceilar since
Everything even present room measures in wine Singapore
To learn designing hole historic of the place , has lacks a room contributed to it on consecutive two floor arises
Sorry especially recommend you to coming today " blue " room time
Everything in this room is blue security the carpet , the ceiling and even those door .
According to the owner , always was a room where in the past is used to go wear they were depressed .
Conclusion
To sum out , all looked like bought adds it I houses always the part big in times people engineering
You should be depending visit nuclear for the paintings on therefore opposing building itself -
Jenny wo n't be was about
The unique negative Point bases life never tell to pay 10 francs to coming If the house make the bench .
